---
title: "Episode 20 - The Magma Dragon Massacre and Entering the Mines at Silvertarn"
date: 2018-12-06T06:22:57-06:00
draft: false
---

As the party finishes looting the jink bodies Boomer comes walking into the room. He said two-edge led him over here after he woke up, but the lighting was very faint so he can’t really tell you what was in the other rooms. About that time, Valin wakes up and asks what happened. Akbar steps over and picks up the javelin lying next to his brother. “The alchemist hit you with this, and you passed out.” Says Akbar, followed quickly by an “Ouch. F@CK!” as Akbar accidentally pricks himself with the end of the javelin and succumbs to the poison and passes out.
Still gathers up all the heads, and Valin throws Akbar’s body over his shoulder, and the party heads out. The walk down a path and find a ledge with around 20 intricately carved stone caskets arranged along the walls. It appears they were dwarf made. One of them looks like it had been open recently. Near the center of the room, two of them are being used as tables for a bunch of alchemical looking stuff and a third one next to those lies open. There is also a wooden table near those that has a bunch of papers and alchemical stuff on it.
Still cracks open the one that looks like it had been touch recently, and the party finds some alchemical crafting goods which boomer stuffs into his pack. Still then heads over to inpect the open casket. As he gets up next to it the goo inside lurches forward towards him. It’s a gelatinous cube and its hungy. Still jumps aside and stashes the thing. Drex plugs a few arrows into the goo, then Valin splatters the thing all over everyone with a mighty ax swing. Turns out his ax magically grows and shrinks depending on how many hands he has on it now… that cool. The party scoops goo off their faces and spits out the bits that landed in their mouths as boomer checks out the papers on the tables. It appears to be tons of alchemical recipes, which he also quickly stuffs into his pack. The party heads down the staircase at the edge of the ledge and finds themselves in a large natural cavern filled with mushrooms.
Sallah tells them to kill the lights real quick. As they do they notice that there are thousands of tiny glowing crystals on the ceiling of the cavern about 60 ft above their heads. Salah explains they are dawn crystals… worthless due to their common nature in this region they are handy when exploring below ground because they only glow when the sun is up outside, and they go dark when it is dark out…. So they help to tell time.  Drexel tries to shoot one down with a blunt arrow, but it doesn’t work. Meanwhile, Boomer is inspecting and tasting all the mushrooms. There are big ones the size of trees, and strange puff ball like ones. Both of these he eats and finds they taste ok but have no side effect. Growing close to the ground under some of the larger shrooms he finds what he’s really looking for. He grab a hand full of psycadelic mushrooms and pops a few in his mouth as he shoves the rest in his pack. He doesn’t really mention it to the team, but his tolerance is such that he doesn’t feel it affect him that much. But when the party turns and looks at him again they see his is now sporting a huge dwarf beard… and next time he take a piss he finds he has a second dwarf beard.
The party follows the path through the mushroom field and find a stone door with a dwarf head carved in it. This is the door two-edge led people out into the area from, and the door where the jink heads are to be delivered. But just as the party gets close to the door, it appears their light sources have attracted some gricks to the path. They jump out of a rock pile but fail in their sneak attacks. Still and Valin hardly even flinch as they each stab one to death quickly and keep walking as if nothing happened.

