---
title: "Episode 30 - The end of the House of the Beast and Lessons in Lust"
date: 2018-12-12T06:31:33-06:00
draft: false
---

After killing Badroulbador and claiming the sword Gloaming, the party took a brief pause to heal up, asses their current loot situation, and discuss how Badroulbador fits into this whole story. Akbar was tempted to give this former Templar a proper funeral by fire,  but he was reminded by a voice in his head and Still that unlike previous Templars you have faced who were either long dead (Vardishai), driven mad by div infected smoke (Dunyizad), or mind controlled (Kardswain), Badroulbador willingly chose to side with Davashuun who is supposedly the head betrayer if you can believe the crazy ramblings of an insane were-housecat that use to be a Templar herself. Still casually explains all this while carving "Nefeshti" crudely with a knife into Badroulbador's forehead and then showing it to Akbar and tossing the limp body to the ground.  Akbar spits on the corpse and the party moves on.

After a quick recheck of the carrion kings bedroom the party decides to check out that harem room. Inside they find a room full of beds, chains, and a haze of smoke. In the center of the room is a large table with several hookas, and there are empty cups dripping white fluid scattered about the table and the room. In many of the beds there are gnoll b!tches in various state of drug induced coma and the corner or the rooms are covered in filth. However, there are 3 non-gnoll inhabitants of the room, all of whole stand to greet the intruders and ask if they are the new masters. Each one of the 3 you look upon is more beautiful then the last. There is a Yuan-ti looking snake woman with enchanting eyes, a drow adorned in various pieces of spiked leather with quills in her hair, and a woman (or maybe teifling) dressed in very little bits of fine silk (see picture). Still and Akbar try to strike up conversation as the women move closer, Sallah walks right into the room and starts smoking whatever is in the hooka and starts babbling nonsense about how its 3am and he wants in and he want's to know what's going on, and then he passes out on the table. The women seem to be talking mainly to each other about how they have been waiting for new masters like these and how interested they are in their new masters equipment and how excited they are to see or hold the equipment. Finally, when they get close enough they stick out their tongues, which are 15ft long and made of fire, and attack, Barley gets scared and hides behind the door for a bit.

Still gets the jump on them and slices the drow woman, but she then drops back and begins to cast a spell. The teifling like woman also casts a spell, completing it with a sultry dance that makes everyone feel happy in all the right places. A few in the party are only briefly staggered, and Drex's necklace lifts up and almost blinds him, but Akbar and Still are stunned for a round as they quietly finish their sudden pants explosions and are then staggered for the rest of the combat as they walk around funny. The yuan-ti then steps up and bad touches Still's crotch with that fire tongue. Valin steps into the room but in his staggered state he can't do much. Boomer gets the ferve going and Drexel fires an arrow... apparently the staggered condition of happy pants makes him briefly forget Valin's cursed amulet as he shoots Valin in the neck. Then the drow woman finishes her spell vomiting forth a swarm of locust that apparently can bite for some reason as they start munching on everyone. The teifling tries another spell but Valin shakes it off and the snake woman keeps the assault going on the big man. Drex rights his aim and plugs the drow woman and boomer gets some bull strength active on Still. Still staggers around to stab the snake woman good, getting out of the swarm and getting the flank from Valin. The snake woman backs away, taking an aoo, and then fire tonges Still right back. The teifling steps up to fire tongue Valin as the drow circles around and does her own happy dance for your pants and Still is now feeling very dry as he is stunned a second time and drops his sword (in his defense, he claims he has never seen a drow before and he now has new purpose in his life). Drex also gets stunned and drops his bow. Boomer picks up the sword to get it back to Still as Valin lays into the teifling this time. Sallah briefly comes to and starts reciting some poem that he knows that seems to be about these things, and he sounds an awful lot like Akbar as he does. A stunned Still impatiently stares at him wishing he would save the poetry until after Akbar casts a spell : ) Akbar lays some brain scramble on one of them and the party calls out to Barely to help! Barley launches a lightning fire ball into the room and drops the snake woman and zaps the teifling good. The teifling licks valin and the drow grabs Drexel's bow! Drexel pulls out his back-up bow and plugs her, and she drops. Barley launches another lighting fireball in and finishes the teifling off and the party all breaths a sigh of relief and goes to their packs to find their back-up pants.

Still and Drex kill the gnoll women as Boomer scoops up all the drugs and Valin and Akbar search the room. They find a haversack of d!ldos (bag of d!cks), the hookas are worth some cash, and they find some erotic poetry and some jewelry. They then move on to explore the rest of the floor. A lot of the rooms are just empty sleeping quarters. In one room they run across an old toothless slave who seems crazy. Still is about to kill him because he walks slow and is not worth the trouble, but the party stops him. The old man says he ran the best harem in all of Katapesh, but they all think he is crazy. Sallah is not so sure he is, the name he gives does sound familiar. In another room they find the mad priests sleeping quarters and nab some alchemical equipment, these weird injection spears and a bunch of calm emotion potions suggesting that maybe the big gnolls known as unchosen weren't exactly the easiest to control, and a few other potions and healing stuff. They then head up stairs. Again they find a bunch of empty rooms, an area that was probably a hyenadon stable, and eventually an undisturbed door with a carving of lamashtu on it that has been defaced. Its trapped, but Still takes care of that. It also has an arcane trap that Akbar dispels. Behind the door they find an old shrine to lamashtu and a sarcophagus. Akbar says this must be the place where he foresaw they would find treasure. He open the sarcophagus and inside is a mummified lamashtu priest who's head has been replaced with that of a lion. It stands up and attacks.


The thing has a fear aura, and Still is very low willed today apparently because he cowers before it, as do Sallah and Barley. Everyone else steps up and starts hacking away, shooting (being very mindful of the angle) and burning the thing. It hits and bites hard, and boomer has to do some big healing to keep Valin in the fight. Eventually it is put down, and Akbar takes its ring, which has on it a diamond worth 4000gp. A curse was actually let lose as well, but I forgot about it. you may or may not have been effected but I'm sure in the week of downtime you would get it taken care of anyway :)

After that, the party moves back out and through what looks to be the half ogres room and then Still picks the lock to enter the slave pen. You find a handful of slaves still alive and lead them up the steps into the courtyard. It appears that some pets of the yuan-ti have busted out, as the door to the yuan-ti stronghold is broken off its hinges and 2 manticores are in the courtyard chewing on the corpses. They take flight and start launching tail spikes. Boomer gets a fly on Valin and Barley is instructed to flame strike the crap out of them as Drex does his thing. Still manages to catch one on the ground for a bit of damage too and the two of them are put down without much hassle.

The party then heals up again, we gloss over the killing of the trap door spider and the daddy scorpion because they weren't any sort of challenge, Boomer and Valin gather up the scorpion eggs, and the party marches the slaves and themselves triumphantly straight down white stone canyon for a few days back to Kelmarene. There are some gnolls spotted in the distance here and there along the walk home, but the gnolls appear to be keeping their distance from you now... mainly due to fear of the d!ckneck.

You stopped at the old fort by the falls and saw that Drexel's cousin has been enlisted to help kelmarene and taken leadership over the fort. You spend the night and yub with her and her men then head into Kelmarene the next day.  When you get there you see that the fighting stage has been removed and Almah has had it replaced with a fountain. What the fountain statues depict is the subject of much debate. The last great fight of the stage between The Strangler and Angala, a minotaur running a random moop through with horns, the liberators of kelmarene, sarenrae, maybe a collage featuring all of these things about a circular stone basin?  Boomer meets back up with Rockso and has him drink the white stuff, he says "This stuff is soo g-g-g-good! Almost as good as cocaaaiiiiinnn" He then suggests you all go smoke it through the crazy infusium thing. It's a hard pass (although maybe Boomer does it later). You all take a few weeks and rest up in your house, get all your curses removed, get all your items identified, and Boomer shatters that diamond ring and finally gets Akbar's negative levels removed. In general, its  few weeks of Yub yub, and then the general plan is that its off to katapesh to sell all your loot and talk to Radio Rahem about a certain something, which you are all very careful to keep to yourselves especially when your around Rockso.


Postscript...

In short, you went to check out the harem and encountered 3 div shape changers, you wandered around a bit and found and old tomb to a cleric of lamashtu that had been desecrated. Her head had been removed and replaced with that of a lion. The corpse attacked you and after you killed it you stole her diamond ring with the intention of shattering it to make a diamond dust. You freed the remaining slaves, including an old man who ways he once ran the greatest harem in katapesh, and then you killed a couple of maticores and walked down white stone canyon back to kelmarene. You stopped at the old fort by the falls and saw that Drexel's cousin had enlisted to help kelmarene and taken leadership over the fort. You then went into kelmarene to rest up and recoup for a few weeks at your house. Akbar finally got all his negative levels removed and you found out that Almah had the battle market fighting stage removed and replaced with a fountain.
