---
title: "Episode 15 - The Killing of Xulthos and Getting Stoned"
date: 2018-12-05T12:22:19-06:00
draft: false
---
Still in the crypts, the party takes a second to heal up then turns the corner in the hallway. they see a door in front of them with yet another glowing rune on it that looks very similar to the indirect seal they opened above. The alcoves in this section of the hallway appear to be reserved for the higher ups of this church, since they are much larger and the dead have been interred in elaborate coffins, their names etched in the wall above their coffins. Only 3 of the 6 alcoves here actually hold coffins, and the one closest to the door appears to hold an open coffin, the name only half finished in the wall above it. Drexel moves in to examine this alcove while Still searches the door for traps. 

The alcove holds nothing of interest. The name half etched in the wall reads "Halruun" (not the same name as the priest who exercised Vardishai's ghost... mainly on the stair master) Still notices that the rune on the door is actually a magical trap disguised to look like the seal above. Sallah detects magic on it, and realizes it is a conjuration trap. The party assumes it will summon  something when the door is open. Still tries to disable it, and with a solid effort he still can't manage to shut it down. The party takes up position inside the circle of protection, Boomer puts protection from evil on Sallah and Valin and recast bless. Akbar throws up some sheids of faith, and Sallah casts open on the door. 

The room beyond is a large natural cavern. In 6 places, roots hang down to the floor from the ceiling. It is damp and cold, and puddles of slimy muck dot the floor. t the far end of the room, a rough hewn hallway leads off into darkness. In the center of the room is a large, triangular shaped upthrust of rock. Laying on the rock is a large sized humanoid that looks exactly like Kardswain.  A fiendish dire lion appears in front of the door and attacks. 

Kardswain sits up on his rock. He looks over the party and then excitedly says something like "The seal, how did you get past the seal. It must be open! That means you must have killed the impostor. But that also means that Xulthos stirs. Quickly, to me. Ignore that likon, it is just a distraction to keep us from getting the jump on Xulthos. I can put invisibility on 3 of you and we must hurry down the far hallway and attack!"  Seeing the bow in Drexel's hand his eyes light up. "You have my bow! Return it to me quickly and I will kill this beast for you." 

The party is skeptical, but this Kardswain seems trustworthy enough. Sallah goes past the lion and up to the rock. Valin passes the lion and takes a swipe at it. Still goes in to get a flank with Valin, but can't quite get there without leaving the safety of boomers circle. Valin realizes this and scoots over a bit. Still delivers a solid sneak attack on the lion. The lion attacks Valin, biting hard into his arm. Luckily, both his claws miss. Akbar moves in for a heal on his brother and boomer edges forward so still can advance. From the doorway, Drexel takes a shot at the lion for some solid damage. Then Kardswain begins to laugh. He flies up and over the party and then hovers 10 feet off the ground next to the door. He drops his veil, reveiling himself to be a grotesque blue insectiod like creature with a shimmering abdomen and dragonfly like wings. He continues to cackle between his words and says "Many years have I languished in this foul place, trapped here by the wards placed by your Pactmasters. Endless decades have I endured the whispering spirits of the wholesome dead, cursing my captors, hating the world I could no longer corrupt. When the Templar came 6 months past he walked through the walls. The red-men’s seal remained intact. But you, you have broken the seal, and my long captivity is finally at an end. But before I go, I will kill you one by one until the last of you willingly allows himself to be my slave. Which one of you, I wonder, shall that be?”. With that he slams the door shut and 2 large fire elementals appear to walk out of thin air to either side of the rock.   

Sallah rushes in to attack, being the only one that can reach the beast. The fluttering of his insectoid wings seems to peirce his ears and attempt to hammer on his brain, but the protection from evil keeps it at bay. Looking at the creatures shimmering abdomen proves distracting, making it hard to hit, but Sallah comes through with a solid slam of the meteor hammer. Valin and Still concentrate fire power on the Lion since they can't reach the flying beast, dealing enough damage to wink the thing out of existence.  The fire elementals step up and slam at the 2 of them, but can't seam to connect. Drexel kicks the door back open, pushing at some force that was holding it shut, and lines up his shot with the newly acquired Tempest. Akbar and boomer do some more shuffling and healing. Suddenly, all around the daemon, little invisible floating heads begin to swarm around Sallah and Still, distracting them. They look like bestial almost human faces surrounded by 6 curled horns and wispy tentacle like hair. Luckily the circle of protect seems to be hedging them out, or they all would have swarmed Sallah. The distraction not only seems to make it harder for Sallah and Still to attack Xulthos, but also distract Sallah from diffending as Xulthos puts his full fury into the dervish. A bite, two claws, and a tail all lash out and Sallah drops to the ground unconscious. 

Fortunately, moving down to attack Sallah has put the beast in range for Still and Valin, who rush in at the opportunity and start slashing away. Boomer and Akbar focus on getting Sallah back to life. The fire elementals stay on Still and Valin, burning them a bit but failing to set anyone ablaze. Xulthos sends his little helpers out to find the next victim, and because of the magic circle they mostly settle around Valin. But before Xulthos attacks, Drexel unleashes the full volley of Tempest right into his back side. THe creature screams in fury (74 damage in one round without crits!!), but not wanting to be denied his aid and his full volley of attacks, he stays with the plan and goes all out on Valin. The bow shots must have distracted him, because he doesn't manage to connect with all his attacks and Drexel stays on his feet. Sallah jumps up, taking the AOO from Xulthos, and gets in a good final swing. Still and Valin connect for a few more slashes and then Drexel pops him one last time with Tempest and Xulthos is no more!!

 As Xulthos's body begins to fade, they hear him talking to himself. He is wondering how mere mortals could have defeated him. Then they hear him say "wait... the bow. the staff. the ax. The wish has changed. We must tell Ahriman." THen all his little floating head buddies winked out too, each saying "tell ahriman" as they did. 

The fire elementals were wrapped up without to much trouble. The room was searched, there was nothing of value found. But after Xulthos died his hallucinatory terrain ended. The room was actually half the size and maid of worked stone, the roots are marble columns reaching to the ceiling, and the rock is actually a dais ona  raised platform. Inspection of the dais revealed that, like in all churches to Adbar in desert towns, this dais actually goes down far enough into the ground to connect with the ground water. And that it has been desecrated. Boomer gets his concecration on gets rid of the taint (he consecrates it using cocaine instead of silver though, and its now a dais to Caydean Calian). With that, the party heads back up to the battle market to tell Almah the good news. 

Almah explains that Garavel will be leading a caravan back to Katapesh, to resupply and to retrieve your promised gifts. THere is some anger that she doesn't have them on her now, but come on is she really going to walk around with 28,000 gp of magic items that would fall into gnoll hands if you guys fed this whole thing up. She talks with the party about staying on, and helping her run the city. She would name them all knight protectors of Kelmarene and give them all leadership roles int he city that suit their talents mand a salary of 100gp / month.  The party says they'll think on that but first they need to party, sleep, then kill a basalisk. 

In the morning the party goes and busts into that building with their eyes closed. Sallah stumbles around until he runs into something fleshy and then starts yelling that the thing is right in front of him so Valin can stumble in and take a swing. Drexel tries averting his eyes and gets a shot off. Still does that too. They explain there actually 2 basalisks. The lizards try to chew on Valin, but they aren't very good at it. The party starts hacking and plugging away. Eventually they kill them, but Drexel does get turned to stone. THey coat him in basalisk blood and he's ok. They find no loot here, but realize this building used to be a slave market. THey all make a pact then and there that there will be no slave trade in the new Kelmarene. 

End. 


