---
title: "Episode 63: Fight and Flight at the Black Spire"
date: 2022-02-03T07:02:26-06:00
draft: false
---

The party gets a few flies on from Boomer and head out on the colored wind to travel to the black spire. When they get there they see that the whole spire appears to be made of a black rock streaked with rusty orange. It appears the whole spire was a giant spike that dropped from the sky onto some massive beast. The bones of this beast still lie on the ground with the spire embedded right through its chest. Atop the spire, a town has been build, made of the very rock of the spire. The buildings appear to be abandoned and crumbing now. The only items of note among the ruins are a old church with a steeple that supports a large golden colored bell and what looks to be a crumbled fountain in the center square of the town. A quick fly by shows that the town is crawling with cinder ghouls and also a few constructs that appear to be large armored warriors but are actually a collection of tiny robots acting together. This makes them appear to be golems made of smoke.

The party tries their standard tactic… all out frontal assault. Still goes invis and charges in, drex starts plugging things with arrows, Akbar starts flinging spells at things to see what sticks and Valin rushes in to catch up with where he thinks still went. Cinder ghouls are dropping left and right and all seem to be going well…. Until Still gets to close to a smoke golem. Some sort of fear aura gets activated and Still in filled with an urgent need to get the fuck out of there. Valin rushes in and gets good hit on the Smoke sentinel as Drex and Akbar try to keep the cinder ghouls that are now coming in form all directions in check, but then Valin too feels the need to get the fuck out of here. As Still and Valin fly off into the distance the rest of the party decides to call back and regroup. As a quick check on the way out, Valin rings the steeple bell, but nothing appears to happen.

They look to Boomer for some guidance on how to avoid this fear, but it looks like the only spell Boomer prepared today outside of those fly spells and some heals was summon alcohol and he is drunk off his ass. The party lets the fear wear off, then tries a second assault now that they know what they are up against.

Tis time around, things go a bit better. Many cinder ghouls drop to Akbars Holy Smite and Drex’s rain of arrows. Valin and Still get in quickly and take out the smoke golem before it can fear them and then lay waste to the cinder ghouls as they charge in. All seems to eb going well and the party makes their way to the fountain and can see the crystals forming on its edge… they assume these are the black crystals they are looking for. Everything is going great… and then 2 more smoke golems enter the area. The party rushes toward one, but can’t put it down before Still is gain forced to flee. Valin hangs on for a bit, but then Drex is caught in the fear and starts to run. The cinder ghouls and the smoke golem on their own are going to be to much for Valin so he and his brother make a fighting retreat and the party regroups and waits for boomer to sleep and re-prep spells.

 