---
title: "Episode 26 - The Meeting of Rokova and the Valin Fezzik Impersonation"
date: 2018-12-08T16:33:12-06:00
draft: false
---

After some quick looting and healing, Sallah convinces Still to unlock the 4 living slaves. Sallah dings the 4 of them with his wand and they half carry the slaves and Akbar’s corpse and brain pieces out to the Behir cave, with Dexel and Valin doing their best to cover tracks as they went.

In the cave, the party talks with the slaves, who are thankful for being freed but still quite wreched and terrified. They explain that a few days ago there were still a dozen slaves in the L shaped building in the north west area of the courtyard. They were all slaves in the mithril mines at silvertarn, but when the mines went dry a few months back, they were all brought here. There was a slave revolt, but somehow the gnolls got the leader of the revolt, a half orge named Lazzul, to turn on his fellow slaves and they were all recaptured. Sallah asked about any of them being skilled in combat, and they explained anyone who posed a threat during the revolt was killed, except for Lazzul and Shaman. Shaman had escaped after the revolt and hasn’t been seen since. During this discussion the party raises Akbar and he gets to work healing himself and others.   

As soon as night fell, the howl went out from the HOTB. Those who could speak gnoll translated this howl as saying that the Circle Gnolls had betrayed the Carrion King, and that the king himself killed their leader. All Circle gnolls are to be killed, and whatever tribe can claim the most of them will take their place of honor in the Carrion court. Responses came back from the Wormhollow clan in whitestone canyon and the Al’chorhaiv clan downslope to the west that both clans would see the task done. Discussion was had about why the carrion king would clan the party’s kills and it was settled upon that he was saving face.

After this the party rests and takes shifts on watch. In the middle of the night, it appears that the track covering work was not done well enough (thanks rangers!) and a party of gnolls approached the cave. Luckily, d!ckneck could smell those d!cks coming even before he could see them in the dark.  2 on hyenadon and 8 on foot. One of them appeared to be cleric. Drex and Valin were on watch, and Valin went back to wake the others as Drex got ready to plug gnolls. Drex started shooting and everyone else got up and took a round to buff (haste!). By that time the gnolls had charged in on Drex and he was backing his way into the cave. 6 ragers pushed in as the caster took the back line and the 2 hyenodon mounted ones and the last foot soldier stood back. The cave proved a solid choke point and some gnolls got blinded and cut down. The caster did some fancy shouting and stunned sallah, but he was quickly spell/arrowed to death and the melee fighters cut the rest of the barbs down pretty quickly. The party rushed out to run down the other, but found someone had already killed the hyenadon riders. Still ran around a rock and found the last gnoll hiding behind it, casually leaning against the rock with no weapons drawn. He parlayed with the group, telling them that he had killed those other gnolls and he wanted to help them kill the carrion king.

After a few tense rounds the party decided not to kill him and hear what he had to say. His name was Rakova, and he is acting as the carrion king’s major domo. He told the party that he thinks they could kill him, and when they do he wants to start a revolt against those loyal to the carrion king and take over command of the tribe.  He explains that he could tell them the most direct way to the carrion kings throne room for the party to come in and kill him. IN the chaos of the aftermath of his death, the PCs should be able to get out the way they came in quickly and easily. He will help kill the king if he is able. Not wanting to stand around and let the PCs decide if they should truct him or kill him, he tells them to meet him at the south wall at dawn if they except his proposal, then he casts a spell an vanishes. The spell is identified as ethereal jaunt.

After much discussion and concern from Akbar about the level of spell he just cast, the party comes to the conclusion that this gnoll was actually the Janni they had heard talking with the Kobold King a few weeks back and he must be trying to get them to kill the king and get the scroll for him.  Seeing no good reason for this guy to give them misinformation about the quick path the king and throne, they decide to go meet with him in the morning and get the info from him.  After a bit of a trance, Akbar is convinced this janni must be Badroulbadour, Nefeshti’s stealthy assassin and  a master of disguise. The party sleeps and then does their best to sneak up to the no mans zone in the morning. Valin, Still, and Sallah stealth up to the west wall and meet with Rakova, who stays invis and speaks to them in whispers from the top of the wall.

Rokova explains that the best way to sneak in is to wait until nightfall. The giant spider will leave its nest in the tall middle minarets. Climb the tower and sneak in the top while the spider is out. Descend all the way to the bottom of the tower, exit the door there and turn left. There is a door adorned withimages of all types of spiders and other bugs. The carrion king’s throne room lies through the door and he should be there. Beware his pet centipede, a stegopede of enormous size that dwells in the pit below the throne. Rakova says he will help you defeat the carrion king if he can, but either way as soon as the king is dead they are to sound a horn or raise the alarm in some way. He will start his revolt. They ask what happens after the revolt, Rokova coolly answers that once the revolt is finished, if you cross paths with him again he will try to kill you. They ask of any tricks the Carrion King may have that they need to defend against. He answers that there are no tricks, he just hits people hard with his ax and is extremely tough. He explains that his ax, goreshred, makes his rage and power attacks even more powerful .  With that, he wishes them luck and they can hear him run off.

The 3 scout the area then go back to meet with the party. They wait till nightfall, and then have Boomer cast silence and darkness. Barley puts fly on valin, and then barley gets into the bag of holding and Barley and Akbar grab hold around Valin’s neck. Still eads the charge outside of the silence and darkness. Using his slippers of spider climb he stales the tower and sets ropes. Valin flies just inside the darkness, keeping pace with Sallah. (Barely - go fasster! Valin - I thought I was going faster. I'm carrying 3 people and sallah's got only himself) Drexel brings up the rear and pulls the rope up behind him as he goes on the tail end of the darkness. About half way up, a gnoll hears still and comes to check things out. It takes him a while to see what he is looking at, since its just a patch of darkness on the edge of his darkvision. Eventually he calls some other over, but by that time the party is at the top and already on their way down the inside of the miniret. The inside is all burned out, so it is basically like a 150ft well. But it’s full of cobwebs. Akbar sends a flaming sphere down to  just a path and again still leads the way and drex brings up the rear. At the bottom they find a trap door. Still opens it and below they find stone stairs spiraling down. By now, they can see the spider has returned and is not happy. They rush through the door, making sure to do a quick detect magic and gabbing any wrapped up bodies that have magic stuff on them,  and close and bar it behind them. They descend the stairs and find a door at the bottom. Still checks it out, its magically locked, so still can’t do anything about it. Akbar looks it over and finds abjuration and evocation magic at work. He tries some dispel magic’s on it. He gets rid of the evocation magic, but doesn’t manage to rid the lock of abjuration magic. Still looks at it again, says it looks good to him and unlocked… he tries to open it (yes, the perception roll was that bad). Nothing happens but it is still locked. Valin unlocks it the Valin way.

The party steps into a large room. The walls are adorned with frescos of serpentine beasts. An assortment of weapons hang from prikes pounded into the wall including a chipped iron great axe, a blood-red leather whip, bladed leather gauntlets, and a assortment of other battle axes and throwing cleavers. Along the north wall, 3 huge semi-circular columns 20 feet across intrude into the room creating wide alcoves (You just exited from the center column). In the center of the room rests a pile of mildewed bearskins. A set of battered wood  double doors stand closed on the west wall. On the east wall is a set of brass double doors adorned with a relief image of thousands of spiders, centipede, and other insects crawling all over it.
End


