---
title: "Episode 66: The Isle of Not the Attractive People You Thought and Picking a Side"
date: 2022-02-03T20:38:36-06:00
draft: false
---

The party flies off in their cum dumpster, heading out of the golden bowl and back to the Luciferno. Once there, they whip out their big ol turtle gifted conch shell and tell Capt. Riddle its time to hit the taint. A palpable feeling of doom and gloom washes over the crew. Capt. Riddle asks that the Luciferno be allowed to dock at Singer Port to allow anyone not into probing the taint to get off first. The party agrees. At Singer Port almost everyone departs the boat, saying their goodbyes to Capt. Riddle. Riddle seems confident it isn’t the last time they will be seeing him but wishes them well anyway. Old Tom, Charlie Rive, The Duke, and many others depart. Sweety Mae and the Cabin boy, as well as a few others, decide to take the journey… leaving enough of a crew to manage the ship without issue. Old Tom says the group should come out and have a drink before they depart, but the crew is inching to get to that taint and they decline. The conch is blown and the Luciferno departs.
It takes most of the day to travel to the end of the archipelago. Towards evening a fog settles in as the travel past the southern tip of the islands. The fog quickly gets dense and the stars all seem to disappear. Soon, there is the sound of rushing water ahead. From the crows nest, Drex can see that the ocean is falling off into nothing ahead of them… it’s the end of the world. Capt. Riddle tells everyone to hang on to something and the ship pitches over the edge. Akbar and Sallah climbs below deck and locks the door behind them.

As the ship plummets into a thick cloud of nothing all sense of up and down are quickly lost. Soon, large chunks of debris and rock appear to be falling around you in every direction. AS the ship is buffeted by this random debris, Boomer and Drex are unable to hold on and are swept off the deck. Valin quickly reaches out to grab a hold of Drex and Still does the same for Boomer... but just as they lock arms another chuck of debris slams into Drex and he is flung away. Valin lets go of the mast and tumbles toward the back of the ship after Drex. At the last second he grabs a hold of Drex’s leg and slams his ax into the rear railing of the ship. He manages to hold on. As the ship continues to tumble it all starts to break apart and everything goes dark.

Slowly, the ship parts seem to stop falling. The suspended pieces float in mid air and around you the mist seems to solidify into a strange u shaped platform holding the chucks of ship in a weightless suspension in its center. The party members jump down onto this surface, finding it strangely spongy and ever shifting under their feet but firm enough to walk on. At the center and tips of the U shape are 3 carvings of what appear to be small light houses made of stone. At their tip an encased hooded lantern shines light out into the darkness. A path seems to walk off from the center of the U into the mist that still surrounds them. Still and Drex seem to think their elf eyes should be able to see further into the mist than they can… and realizes that it isn’t darkness or mist that obscures their vision beyond this threshold, but its more like this fog around them is the edge of reality and outside of this there is more nothing.

Baleena examines the lighthouses. They radiate strong transmutation magic, as does the very ground they walk on. The hooded lanterns appear to be non magical. With nothing else to do, the party wanders down the path towards the edge of reality. As they reach the threshold and push through, the reality of the dock ceases to exist and they find themselves instead in what appears to be a cave like tunnel. All the walls are made of the same swirling sponge like substance. There are 2 areas of swirling mist that almost seem like plugs int eh wall and cave leads on to another edge of reality. Looking back toward the dock, the party realizes that Sallah and Akbar never left the ruins of the ship… but they assume they are fine and will catch up.

Belenna goes to examine one of these plugs of mist. It appears to be a door to another area of reality. As she walks through she finds herself in a strange ungulating cave that reminds her of the insides of some great beast. There is a large pool of goo in the middle of the cave, and the same gooey substance stands in pools on the floor. Boomer steps in behind her and watch to go check this goo out. As he steps in a puddle on his way to a large pool his feet begin to dissolve. Not in an acid like way, but as if his feet are being erased from existence like the picture in back to the future. He decides he best not check the goo out and the tow of them join the party back in the other cave. The check out the second plug door and find a very similar chamber… but in this one the walls appear to be made of crystals. Again the goo coats the floor and there is a pool in the center of the room. Boomer does a rockstar slide across the floor and his knees begin to unmake themselves so he quickly jumps back and the party decides to move on down the tunnel.

As they walk through the threshold of reality at the end of the cave a new reality forms around them. They appear to be in a garden with a large fountain in the middle of it. Sitting next to the fountain is a beautiful female looking elf like creature. Standing next to her is a sturn looking elf like creature wearing heavy armor with its hand resting on a sword. The female by the pool adresse the party. “Greetings, my heroes from another reality. I am Lahapraset, a spirit of creation. I see that you have come in answer to my summons. Do not mind Chinoy here, he watches over my safety but will not harm you. We have much to discuss.”

What follows is a long conversation about why you are here and how and about how you desperately need to get back to the material plane. As expected, the creature explains she was imprisoned by Nex against their will long ago and forced to create this place and she and her kind only wish to be free. In order to do this, they mush unmake kakishone. For that to happen all creatures from outside of kakishone must be willing to go or be dead. She asks for your help in convincing the outsiders still in kakishone to leave and killing those who refuse. If you do this, she will unmake kakishone so she and her kind can return the the primordial chaos from whence they came and she can return you to the material plane. During all this conversation, Still is eyeing the guard and inching closer. Eventually he gets to close for the guard comfort and he threatens Still not to move any closer. Still responds with some comment about skull fucking and the guard explains that Still’s threat is unsubstantial because he doesn’t have a skull.

The party thinks things over for a bit, and ultimately decide that they are going to side with the earth genies. They draw their weapons and rush in to attack. As they do, Valin activates his gem of true seeing. He can now see these gross lizard like creatures of chaos called Proteans for what they are. Fucking gross. Now for sure they will die.

As the party rushes in, ferves up, and starts stabbing and shooting 3 more dudes come into the room behind Drex. The main lady tries some spells on Valin and Still but they resist and she disappears. As the guard fights he take his natural form and the party can see that he is lashing out with bit attacks from snake heads at the end of tentacle like arms and also swinging a sword and biting with his normal mouth. As Still hits him the wounds seem to travel randomly around his body as it shifts form constantly. By the time the first guard in down, the 3 who came in from the back have caught up to Drex and started whittling away at him. The main woman comes back with a 4th guard and tries more spells unsuccessfully. Baleena tries to trap her in a pit, but she dances back and now the pit is between the party and her. All the stabbing and shooting finally catch up to the first guard and he drops to the ground dead.

END.