---
title: "Episode 44 - The Chain Of Fire And The Flame Curtain Shuffle - Ding 10!"
date: 2018-12-12T07:20:21-06:00
draft: false
---

After a brief meeting with Qualkami, the items she requested are handed over to her and she gives the PC a time and place to meet. The heroes gear up and go to the meeting place, a dark abandoned alleyway in dock district of Katapesh. They note that not everyone is in attendance, but Sallah tells them not to worry about it, they are in the safe house and will join them later. Everyone shrugs it off. A small figure approaches them, and they suddenly hear, “oh no, not you guys”. It’s the imp that Valin killed in the shop. He has been sent by Qualkame to bring you to the meeting place. All the PCs agree to go and the imp teleports them all.

They arrive in front of a strange looking temple. It appears to be made in the shape of a bellowing flame with a serpent coiled around it. Salah has heard rumors of a cult that worships some strange fire snake, bit he doesn’t really know anything about them nor can he pinpoint the parties current location relative to any known landmarks in Katapesh or any other cities he has been in.  Qualkami is there waiting for them, and after some quick banter she casts a spell to hide everyone’s alignments and then knocks on the door.

They met the flame haired dwarves who ran the temple, who had some words with Qualkami that eventually led to them asking about an inevitable looking for the sarcophagus. The party successfully bluffs their way out of that situation and steps into the inner sanctum. Here they find a gong and a few stone platforms. Drexel spots trap doors in the floor with flame like light glowing below them, and he points them out so the party can avoid them. Inside the sanctum they are asked to stand on a platform, and they do so. The high priest does some chanting in ignan, and then a gigantic flaming snake appears through one of the 4 trap doors. It lunges at Sallah, but he decides to just go with it. The snake eats him. No one appears to be alarmed. The snake then eats everyone else.

End.

Ok not really. The party finds itself inside a hallway made of flame. The imp is with them, and he is carrying a large wrapped up pick ax on his back, the item that Qualkami want’s stashed inside Bayt-Al-Bazan. He is also carrying a glowing ball of flame, which appears to be leading him through the hallway of flame somehow. This is the chain of fire, a secret path known only to the keepers of the flame that can be used to travel from fire to fire across any distance or plane. As the imp leads you through, he suddenly goes invisible then brushes against Valin’s leg. Suddenly, 2 beautiful women made of green flame materialize through the walls of the hallway. They say stuff in ignan and attack Valin. It hurts, a lot. They are incorporeal and very difficult for the party to fight back against and it goes badly rather quickly for Valin. Suddenly, Sallah pulls out a cloth and throws it onto the floor. It turns into a hole and he hooars down the hole for Barley. Barley flies out of the hole and starts shooting magic missles. The mosters attack him as Damacious gets a spell off so that he can understand them. They are attacking because you have to be lawful to travel these paths. The party suspects the imp dispelled Valin’s alignment hiding spell. Because Barley is neutral and non chaotic, they allow him to just leave. He goes back in the hole, taking Valin’s unconscious body in there with him, and the specters allow the rest of the party to pass unharmed. The imp reappears from around the corner ahead of them and asks what is taking so ling. Still gives him a talking to, but the imp blows it off. He leads them to a small hole in a dead end. Through it, the party can barley see a near empty room about 30ft square. The imp tells them to jump through. Sallah again steps up and jumps at the hole. He passes through and into the room beyond. Everyone else follows.

The party finds themselves in a square room with 3 exits and a small cotch where a half a sphere of fire sits on a pedestal. The imp joins his sphere with this half sphere, making it whole. There are a few coins and gems scattered about, which still collects. The imp welcomes them to the treasure rooms of Bayt Al-Bazan. The party scoffs at the lack of treasure. In the ceiling there is an image of a scorpion and a carving in ignan that says something like “Half or 3+1”. Each of the exits of the room has a number from 1 to 4 on it and each of the exits have a curtain of flame across it.

The party spends the next few minutes trying to work their way through this riddle maze and getting burned a lot by flame curtains and collecting whatever paltry treasure they can find. They never really figure out the riddle and get burned quite a bit but make it to the exit of the treasury alive with the help of the “safe house”. They finally make it to a room with a cracked old looking lamp sitting on a pedestal. The imp impatiently says “finally” and puts the pick on the pedestal. He they gives the party the finger and walks off through the flame curtains toward the room they entered in. The party lets him go.

The party walks out into the next room and find a bunch of flame haired dwarves camping out. They ask who the hell the PCs are, the PCS ask the same. They ask if these flame hairs know the flame hairs from the temple of the chain of fire. They don’t know who the PCs are talking about so they get murdered. The heroes head into the next room and kill more flame hair dwarves and their creepy undead bodak leader. They then see the stairs heading up. Magically they sense there is a boss fight up those stairs that they were supposed to make it to….

End.

It was late, I expected to finish off the stair monster and then ding everyone lvl 10, but we didn’t want to stay super late to finish it. So I let everyone ding early.