---
title: "Episode 13 - Up on the Rooftops Stick Stick Stick Down Through the Doorway and Upstairs Quick - Ding 5!"
date: 2018-11-29T21:54:49-06:00
draft: false
---


The session started with the party discussing plans with Almah and Garavel. They expressed their disapproval in what had happened at the camp. Almah took them back into the library for a private discussion, in which she reminded the party that she never liked the idea of the gnoll alliance but agreed that killing them was not the option she would have preferred. However, the PCs weren’t there when the attack happened, and without help she had no way to stop the Sand Lions from killing the gnolls and dashki so she went along with it. The party, not so blatantly, called her weak and asked how she ever expected to have any control. She explains that the only leverage she has is that she hired 2 groups of mercenaries, and that if the sand lions need to be dealt with she would ask you guys to do it, and vice versa. Nobody liked that answer either. It was left at that and everyone went back to planning.

The PCs decided they would come in from the north and hit the watch tower there and then make their way into the building. The sand lions would attack from the church side, and hopefully the 3 jaw gnolls would still be coming from the hills between the pesh field and the river. The sand lions would take the horn and blow it when ready, hopefully signaling the gnolls to attack. In a bit of a surprise, Almah asked where her and garavel would be attacking from. She explained that the camp is no longer safe and they have to take the market so its all hands on deck. The PCs decide to send them in with the Sand Lions.

The party gives Molly O. the alchemical equipment they found and order up a few more bombs then as dusk falls they head out.

The PCs get into position, and Sallah, Still and Valin sneak up to the base of the watch tower. They toss a firebomb up to the roof and burn some gnolls, then Valin commands his rope of climbing to get up the wall and Still and Sallah start to climb. Drexel takes position by a crumbled wall and starts plugging the remaining dudes on the rooftop to cover their accent. His arrows seem to be striking particularly true this night… perhaps he really does hate gnollls (Tom’s dice were on fire all night, it was crazy). 2 gnoll berserker come out of the bottom door of the tower and rush toward Valin as a few more normal dudes, and a gnoll captain come out of the hatch on the roof next to sallah, who was waiting for them with a prepped attack. One of the normal dudes who comes out blows a horn and 2 more berserkers and 8 more dudes come out of the open door of the battle market a few hundred feet away. Yet another 2 guys on the roof of a different building start shooting at Valin, Drexel returns fire dropping one of them. By this time, Boomer and Akbar have made it over to the rope and boomer gets a bless going as Akbar puts up a fog cloud between the party and the guys coming out of the battle market. Just before the cloud goes up, Still spots a little goblin just inside the battle market door wearing a pointed hat covered in bells. He is giving each gnoll a go get ‘em slap on the ass as they head out the door.

Up on the roof, Still and Sallah are having a great time in the deadly dance around the gnolls. Still is using flanks set up by Sallah to one round the normal gnolls while Sallah keeps the captain on his toes. Drexel starts to focus fire on the berserkers bearing down on Valin as he draws his ax and sword and goes to work. Boomer gets a bull strength off on Valin then starts to head up the rope. Akbar commands the one with the arrows sticking out of him to drop his weapon, which he does. Valin brains him as reaches down to pick it back up. The other swings hard at Valin and takes a chunk of him with his ax. By now, the gnolls from the battle market are coming through the fog. The standards line up to start shooting arrows while the berserkers look lined up to charge in at Valin.

Up top, Sallah and Still have taken down the captain and his cronies with little to no damage suffered. Boomer makes it up the rope and bull strengths sallah as another berserker pops up through the trap door of the next building over. The berserker, being berserker, runs toward still and jumps the gap between the buildings he lands on his feet and promptly gets stabbed in the face by Still. He responds with a solid crit on Still… putting him down. Down below, the second berserker is down, and Akbar has held one of the 2 charging in. The 4th one rushes in and Valin and him start the dance as Drexel starts knocking out archers and moves toward the rope. Akbar starts up the rope as Valin works this guy down. Boomer rushes up to heal still then starts throwing out channels and Akbar takes some arrows while on the rope. The horn finally sounds from the sand lions, sounds of fighting can be heard in the city.

The held guy gets free and Valin has 2 berserkers on him, but only for a second as he finishes the first one off. Still and Sallah flank and mop up the rager on the roof. Drexel gets to the top of the rope and helps plug the last one. Meanwhile, Sallah and Still have jumped over to the next roof to take out a few archers there. Valin climbs up the rope and Akbar commands it to coil as Drexel plugs the last of the gnolls below them. Everyone crosses to the next roof via jumping or using the rope and the party heals up. They head down the trap door, out the ground floor and into the open door of the battle market.

Once inside, no enemies are waiting to kill them. The goblin is standing just inside the door and across the wide open arena stage the party sees a well stocked bar with two bug bears hanging out there drinking. They decide to send invisible still up to stab that goblin while they head to the stairs to the right… but as invisible still walks into the open of the arena area, a voice from above says “Welcome, my quiet friend. Where is the rest of your party. What brings you to Kelmarene?” It is Kardswain, the Janni who was once a templar of the 7 winds. He holds a wicked looking bow. He admonishes the goblin, who he refers to as Jank, for not welcoming their guests. To which Jank tries his best to formally welcome Still… who he can’t see.

Others step forward to talk and what follow is a generally uninformative discussion. He doesn’t seem to care that you have been killing gnolls and asks if you wanted to open trade why you didn’t just come talk with him. He suggests that the party could work for him instead, which doesn’t go far. Akbar talks in Vardishai’s voice and asks him where Nefeshti is, telling him what he is doing would not please her. To that, he gets angry. He gets more angy when he sees the staff and ax the party are using. He calls them murderers and grave robbers. Akbar pushes more, saying he the one in the worng and asking more about Nefeshti. Kardswain growls that Nefeshti has turned her back on them and this region. Finally, he says he is done talking. He yells out to the denizens of the market that he will pay 500gp for each of the pcs heads. The bugbears stand and grab their weapons, gnolls in the near buy market stalls draw their bows, and a door across the Arena near the bar kicks open. The bartender ducks behind the bar.

Still murders the goblin quickly and heads for the cover of the stairs. Some gnolls are plugged with arrows, and The Strangler, a large sized ogre with huge ham like fists, rushes out the kicked open door. The gnolls and bugbears come up behind him and the Peryton appears and flies off the 3rd floor balcony and does a flyby attack on Sallah, stealing his shadow and flying into the hallway buy the stairwell. Kardswain backs away out of sight.

A debate ensues. Do they push up the stairs or backout the front door and hope to draw some people out? The stair option wins, and Boomer is the first up the steps. He is greeted at the top of the steps by 2 ragers and a sergeant. More discussion is had about what way they are going. Again, the 2 front push for the stairs wins out and still rushes up the stairs to try to help boomer. Dexel starts plugging the peryton as Valin tosses the last bomb out into the ogre and company below and inches toward the stairs. The bugbears and a few gnolls drop. The ogre gets mad. Sallah drops the peryton and rushes up the steps. Somehow, Akbar is left as the front line for the strangler and for some reason he isn’t scared. He calls the lighting and saps the ogre as it rushes in. The strangler promptly grabs on to Akbar’s neck and holds him tight.

Up the stairs, boomer gets smacked hard by a berserker. Sallah comes up and starts swinging, putting a good hurt down. Still starts going invis and stabbing round after round. They put down a few of the enemies, but they are getting smacked around too. The strangler pins Akbar against the wall and starts crushing his wind pipe. It hurts. He tries to concentrate and get another lightning blast off. He can’t. Boomer starts channeling. Valin rushes up and starts stabbing. Drexel starts plugging the strangler with arrows. The strangler goes down! Everyone starts backing towards the stairs.

That’s where we pause. I’m sure I left out a lot of cool stuff. Feel free to comment.

End.


