---
title: "Episode 59: The Dilixious Information and the Prattling Mouth of Karen"
date: 2021-11-20T19:02:17-06:00
draft: false
---

The party sits and smokes with Dilix, Mahad and Rayheem. They come to realize that they have been in this palace before… but it was crawling with troglodytes at the time. Valin remembers falling through the very dome they sit under. Dilix explains that this palace was an almost direct copy of Nex’s first palace, The Palace of the Shifting Sands. That palace was his first foray into an extradimensional resting place, as it was designed to randomly phase in and out of existence. Once he built Kakishone he abandoned his first palace, and without its creator at the helm the palace of the shifting sands started to appear and disappear at random and was taken over by various other factions.

When asked about herself, Dilix explains that her father Obherak is the leader of the earth genies who once served Jahvuul. They fought along side him in the original battle with Nefeshti and were trapped in the scroll along with him and his fire genie army when Andrathi sucked the army in. For some time, her father stayed loyal to Jahvuul, but eventually he came to realize that Kakishone would be an ideal place for the earth genie to take up residence permanently. He stopped serving Javhuul, and he and the rest of the earth genie and jann took up residence in The Golden Bowl on the desert island of Khandelwal. He became reclusive and would kill any emissary of Jahvuul that was sent to speak with him. He wants nothing more than to rule here on Kakishone forever.

As for herself, she stayed by Jahvuul’s side when her father left. She has no desire to be trapped here and wanted to help Jahvuul find a way out. On top of that, Jahvuul provided a good distraction to the boredom of life here. Something more real than what a doppelganger could provide. She served as Jahvuul’s majordomo after her father left, and this caused some falling out between her and her father. For her loyalty, Jahvuul repaid her by abandoning her here when he left claiming he could never again trust an earth genie. Now she is furious with him. If you are getting out of here and intent on killing him, she is fuck’n IN. As for how to get out of here…. If she knew that she wouldn’t be sitting here talking to you.

When Jahvuul and his army left, the gate they open destroyed the palace. That’s why it is now in ruins. She doesn’t know how he managed to open the gate but knows he couldn’t do it until you all came into Kakishone. Rayheem suspects that some part of the binding that was holding Nefeshti in that lamp was linked to the binding of Jahvuul, and in breaking one the other was broken (duh). Dilix believes that this breaking also may have opened new paths out of here. At your mention of the creators, she assumes that if anyone could get you all out of here they would be the ones. They were trapped here by Nex when he created this place, and the want to destroy it. Her father is obviously against that idea. When asked if her father could get you out, she isn’t sure. As she said, something changed when you all came in. If Jahvuul could get out its possible her father knows a way too.

There is some discussion of other spots on the island as well. Dilix mentions that Andrathi was killed on the Isle of the Dead, and its possible his spirit is still residing there. If you can talk to him he might know something about what’s going on. When asked about the doppelgangers, she says the creators made them too, at Nex’s will, to fill all the roles of this world per the will of the ruler of the Pleasure Palace. But now the palace is destroyed, she isn’t really sure what effect that will have. She explains they are living beings and can reproduce and such. As far as real people, she knows of her and all the earth genies, old Tom the bard, and the smith Artel Norrin who lives at The Fire Forge, in the volcano on Khosravi. She also shows you on a map where that is and the strange Black Spire that is on the same island. She points out where the isle of the dead is at, where the golden bowl on the isle of Khandelwal is, and names all the other islands too.

There is some talk with Rayheem about how to proceed. He isn’t very helpful and explains he doesn’t have his spell book so will be pretty useless in general. There is much complaining. The party can’t decide if talking to the earth genie or the creators first is the right move, so they decide to go see what’s up on the isle of the dead. They head out, leaving Rayheem and Barley behind in the palace with Dilix for some hooka and chill, promising they won’t leave for home without them. They head back to Singer Port and go find the one armed dwarf, he’s throwing dice along the wharf.

They let Capt. Riddle know they want to go to the isle of the dead and show him the magic lamp Dilix gave them that lets them call The Luciferno at any port waypoint. The crew assemblies, and you notice they each grab a hand full of dirt and put it in their pocket before getting aboard the ship, so everyone copies them. They draw anchor and heave away.

As you approach the Isle of the dead it is a spooky place. Shrouded in mist you can’t really make out everything that is on this small island, but you see a larger structure off to the right that may be a mausoleum, and a smaller structure off to the left that you can’t really make out. The whole island is dotted with gravestones and closer to the center there appears to be a forest of dead trees.

As you pull into port, a small spooky looking cat sits at the top of the stairs leading up onto the island. Someone mentions that the cat is spooky… and Drexel’s memory is jogged. He starts ranting about how the cat IS Spooky, and everyone looks at him confused. He reminds everyone of the fight below the temple of Nethys near Kelmarane where they fought that cat lady who was one of the templars transformed by that cursed blade… you know… the one that was an herloom to the Sand Lions of Fatar. Anyway, THAT lady was talking about how Creepy found Spooky. And THEN when Nobody got her staff and found Mooshquit the hamster sized cat inside, he talked to Mooshquit and found out that Davahsun’s familiar creepy had contacted Andrathi’s familiar via astral projection… a cat familiar named Spooky. So if they then turn the satellite 96.2 degrees to the left they can bounce the signal off it and right into the back of Mr. Bigs limo!

Everyone is now staring wide eyes at Drex and nodding their head pretending to care. In summary, Drex says you gotta follow that cat and everyone hops off the ship and start walking up the stairs. Remembering his caster bitch fight with Nobody and looking at the mist, Akbar decides to sit this one out. As the rest of the crew walks up the stairs, spooky darts off towards the woods in the direction of the mausoleum thing. As soon as the party steps onto soil, a spirit rises from the ground in front of them. She appears middle aged, white, and quite suburban. She is shaking a finger in your faces and starts yelling… “Oh no, nuh uh, no way, this island is for members only, you and your people need to turn around and get right back on that boat and get out of here”… it’s a fuck’n KAREN and she starts screaming for the manager.

Boomer explains these are dreaded guardian spirits of some locations, usually locations made by white old men. She begins to berate the party with talk about how they will ruin everything and they aren’t following the rules. Her smug gaze is emotionally and physically draining. Drexel tries to reason with her, and his honeyed tongue does sway her. He explains in very respectful words that they were following a cat and this is a misunderstanding and that they were told to come here. Karen is slightly swayed, saying “ok, I’m sorry sweetie, you are so kind, so respectful, you can go right ahead… but all your little friends have got to go”. Valin has had enough and runs up to take a swing… his ax passes right through her. Balena launches spells… this sets Karen off and she says that this little girl from the planet hussy best watch herself. At this point you can see large figures looming through the mist… the managers are coming.

The party pulls out all the stops on Karen, but Valin and Drex can do nothing as their unmagical weapons will not harm the ghost. Karen starts taking damage from daggers, meteor hammers, and spells and she is pissed. She launches a hellish rebuke at Drexel, upset about his betrayal of her trust. The meantime, the managers have arrived. They are large half robot half corpse looking things covered in spikes. Each spike holding a twitching decaying body. As they arrive on the scene, one of them sluffs its shoulders. The motion sets all the corpses of babies it has collected crying. It is an awful sound and deals a fair amount of sonic damage to those around it.

From here on out the battle goes about as expected. Belena keeps working over karen with magic missiles as those who can hit her stay on it, making quick work of her stupid face. When she dissipates in a huff, there is a real sense of joy in the party. Meanwhile, Boomer is singing like a prayer and you know his voice will take you there and Drex and Valin are working over the corpse managers. There are 4 of them and they are taking turns swinging ham fists at Valin and others as they get close, and setting off their baby cries. They keep trying to grab people up to add them to the collection… at one point one does manage to spike Valin but it is short lived as Boomer warps him out of there. After a few rounds the party is a bit bloodied but all the managers are down. Boomer blast heals everyone and they set off after Spooky.

End.