---
title: "Episode 35 - The Scattering Of The Sand Man And The First Round Goes To The Grand Mufti "
date: 2018-12-12T06:46:19-06:00
draft: true
---

Having just put the holy sword into the rock under the swirling shadow cloud and saw no effect, Valin shrugs and pulls it back out. He sheaths it at his side as the party looks around and tries to determine their next move. It is still night, even though that hardly matters in this black hole sun zone, and the party still hasn't' rested. They contemplate heading out and finding a place to sleep but decide that they would rather press on toward that graveyard and see if they can't stake these vamps.

As they head off along the shore for the graveyard, a sand storm whips up out of no where in front of them, whipping sand in their faces and forcing them to walk into a strong headwind. Undeterred the party moves closer to this whirling sand, expecting some sort of attack. The sand does not disappoint, as a face begins to form within the whirling sandnado. As is does, those close to it feel an overwhelming desire to take a nap, and Valin and Sallah do just that. Right before he drops to the sand Sallah says "My friends, the sandman comes".

The swirling sand face solidifies. It speaks directly to Akbar, saying something like "You should not have returned, this place is no longer yours. It belongs to the dead and the dead keep it." It's tongue then whips out and smacks Akbar in the face, filling his mouth and ears with sand. Barley tries to blow the sand away with a gust of wind. It seems like it may work for a second, but then the sand resists and reforms. Boomer goes to wake Sallah up. An invisible still starts poking at all the places that vital organs would be in this head if it wasn't made of sand. His blades do little damage, but each hole that he makes still trickles a stream of sand as if the creature is bleeding. Drex fires arrows, but has a hard time hitting as the wind the creature is generating is still in effect and seems to push his arrows aside. He manages at least one glancing blow. Akbar responds to the creature with some whitty retort and then fires 2 admonishing rays of force right through it's eyes. Sallah tries to stand, but falls back asleep. Valin's monkey wakes him up by tea bagging him, then falls asleep himself. The creatures eyes roform and both strike out at Akbar. It hurts. He turns and spits sand out of his mouth and ask's boomer for a little help. Boomer heals. The creature gets stabbed and slashed and pokes a bunch again and then Akbar admonishes it some more. Eventually the creature dissolves back into sand. The party gets everyone up and off the ground when suddenly Barley feels that he has just shaken off a spell. He casts see invisibility and spots another vampire, this one a big more regal looking than the others, standing a few feet back from where the sand creature was.

Everyone delays until after Barley so he can glitterdust this dude. He says something about how you shouldn't dare to stand against the Grand Mufti and he tried to dominate Valin but he fails. Barley glitters him and boomer flies Valin. Still starts stabbing like crazy but can't seem to get through DR. Same with Drexel's arrows. Akbar burns him, and he feels that. Barley follows suit. The creature moves out over the water and Valin gives chase He plants his ax hard in its face, but even that blow feels to just barely crack its defenses. Barley and Akbar burn him again. The creature screams in rage and plunges itself into the water, leaving a trail of ice crystals. At this point, Akbar goes into a trance. He starts talking in a voice that doesn't quite sound like his own and tells the party that they need to cleanse this darkness, and in order to do it they will need to consecrate the sword after it is put in its place at the base of the tower, as that is how Pavashun created this sanctuary so long ago. He also mentions that doing this should also clear the taint from the mind of the Spirit of Pavashun in the church. Well, the party doesn't have any consecrates available, so they have the monkey pick up the still trancing Akbar and they start to run for the edge of the twilight zone. Its a 650ft jog along the shoreline to get out of this place. They make it a few hundred feet before the Grand Mufti blasts back out of the water and starts to give chase, now in large dire bat form. They decide not to turn and fight, but to just keep running. They know its night outside, so leaving the zone will not give them any sanctuary from this vampire... but while running they do recall that Fahdiya the Lamashtu (the flying lion sphinx guy) is out there and maybe he can help. As they run, the bat hurls a fireball at them and it hurts a bit, then the bat starts flying full tilt to try to cut them off when they still don't turn and fight.

Everyone manages to make it to the edge of the zone without getting attacked again. As the monkey crosses the line with Akbar close at hand they turn, readying themselves for a fight if the creature pursues. The bat flies right up to the edge of the zone and suddenly stops. He turns into his vamp form again and smirks. "We will be waiting..." he says, then he turns to myst and retreats as Fahdiya comes roaring out of the sky surrounded by an aura of daylight.

The party rests and regains spells and discusses the current situation with Fahdiya Al'Qiryum (aka the lion of the 5 heavens). They explained the sword, the ghost, the vampires, the shadows and mirrors, and Akbar explained his revelation. Fahdiya came to this place after it was cursed, and has never entered the cursed realm. He did know the Templars and assumes that the spirit of Pavashune is getting effected by this curse as well. He suggests that if the curse is lifted that she may be cured of her madness and could tell you where Grand Mofti Assad's coffin is at (everyone is assuming that it will be in the graveyard somewhere but is probably well hidden. Also, he mentions that once the curse is lifted he can also enter the area and help.

On top of all this, Akbar says he learned something else in his trance. He now knows what the tongue of the hidden and the impossible eye are. They are artifacts used during genie binding ceremonies to stop the bound genie from talking to or seeing the world outside their lamp. They would also be needed to release the bound genie. He as reached the conclusion that it is Nefeshti herself in the lamp that Barley is carrying, and that these two items are needed to release her. It would seem that the scroll of kakishone may also be tied to her release since Barley was told about it in his vision as well.

With renewed purpose to both clear this curse and retrieve the tongue of the hidden from this Grand Mufti Assad, the party rests under the protection of Fahdiya and prepares for their assault tomorrow. The plan is to move quick with DD and fly, with invisibility, fire resistance, and magic circle protections in place, to get boomer directly to the stone with protection. It would then take him 2 rounds to complete this task. One to put the sword in the slot and another to cast the spell. They launch their attack. Boomer gets them in with Sallah and Valin at his side while the rest of the party comes screaming over the lake. Barley has see invis on and sees the vamps all surrounding the stone waiting, and the Grand Mufti is floating above the obelisk. He slows up and throws glitterdust on the Grand Mufti. Everyone else moves or preps actions. The vamps attack and the Grand Mufti, who can apparently see boomer in his invisible state, tries to polymorph the gnome. Boomer shakes it off and puts the sword into the slot. The other vamps are now visible, and one of them has put a scratch in boomers back. The rest of the party keeps close to boomer and jumps all over the standard vamps, turning one into a pile of bugs as it retreats away. Barley and Akbar start laying the fire on the Grand Mufti. He floats down from the tower and into position right above Boomer, taking a ton of AOOs in the process but shaking them all off since most of the damage is absorbed by his DR. As he gets close to boomer, he reaches out to take the sword away! The little gnome is no match for the ancient vamp and the Grand Mufti succeeds in his disarm attempt and rips the sword out of the stone and boomers grip. The party is at a loss. Drex doesn't know what else to do except keep killing minor vamps so they reduce a second one to bugs. Sallah pulls his claws out and tries for a grapple, he takes a vicious AOO from the vamp and his attempt fails. Valin and Still both rush in and attempt to take the sword back, but the Grand Mufti appears to know how to handle a sword pretty well and their attempts fall short. Akbar and Barley burn the big guy again and boomer tries to blast him with searing light but fails the concentration check. Grand Mufti Assad smirks, them turns into a cloud of gas and floats off over the lake.

end.



