---
title: "Episode 24 - The Courtyard of the V.O.U.S. and the Legend of D!ckneck"
date: 2018-12-08T16:20:00-06:00
draft: false
---
The gargoyles coming in from the North get the jump on the heroes as they take their quick breather. All four gargoyles come in high, 2 of them over the top of the large center dome. Meanwhile, eyes can be seen watching the PCs from inside the courtyard stables on the east wall, promising more mounted gnolls will soon join the two still guarding the eastern stairs. Sallah, Akbar, and Still make their way toward the courtyard, with Akbar sending a flaming sphere into the open stable door. With the party split the gnolls in the stable and on the stairs make their move. As they dart out of the stables, Sallah and an invisible Still makes them pay for their recklessness with a barrage of AOOs, dropping 2 of the hyenadons and caving the skull of a gnoll with a well placed meteor hammer (CRIT!). 2 still manage to get out of the courtyard and join the two on the stairs. All 4 of them exit the HOTB and break south. Meanwhile, the 2 now unmounted Gnolls and the 2 remaining mounted ones face off against Sallah and still, ineffectively throwing stingchucks and lashing out with spears.

Valin moves up to cut off the closest gargoyle from coming in the backside of the Akbar while Boomer hangs back with Barley and Drex as they bring the fight to the flying gargoyles. Barley lights them up with a fireball, and Drex follows that up with a storm of arrows that takes one out of the sky. About this time, they spot a crew of Gnolls moving out and around the lone pool toward the tied up slaves, and another group of gnolls creeping along the outer wall of the big dome. The gargoyles fly in now. One drops down and unsuccessfully tried to grab Valin. A second has similar luck trying to grab Akbar. The third flies up over the overhang that boomer is hiding under, getting close to the casters and archer but trying to keep out of line of site.

Valin drops the gargoyle on him like swatting a fly. Sallah and Still do a quick round of the deadly dance on the mounted gnolls, taking out the last 2 mounts. Still stays near the stairs to front line the remaining gnolls as Sallah back into position to help Valin with the remaining gargoyle. Akbar calls the lighting storm to end all lightning storms. The hair of one of the gnolls starts to stand on end, and a bolt comes down leaving nothing but a pair of gnoll feet and a pile of ash. The gnolls move in and around Still and Akbar, throwing sting chucks for minimal damage and lasing out with spears. Boomer runs out from under the overhang and heads over toward Valin as Drexel to channel and Barley focus attention on the gnolls heading out around the pool, burning them all with a fireball and dropping one with arrows. Instead of driving them back this almost seems to urge them on. They rush up around the pool and each gets into position next to a slave with a blade on its neck. The leader calls out that if the party doesn’t drop their weapons the slaves will die, particularly noting to Barley that if he even twitches a finger she will start slitting throats. The other gnolls working their way along the dome wall edge in closer to the stairwell.

The gargoyle on the roof drops down and tries to grab Barley, but he misses. Around the east side, the gargoyle fumbles a grab at Valin and tries to fly out of range. Sallah is too quick for him and he drops. Still drops the second to last gnoll and backs up the stairs a bit. Valin is about to rush in on the last gnoll when his brother holds up a hand. He tells his brother he has this and that he should go help the others on the south side of the dome. Valin is about to protest that Akbar has never had anything when it comes to a fight, but Akbar points to the burning feet and gives a wink. Valin decides to trust him and rushes off south… but he mumbles to himself as he runs hat he’s sure Still has it under control : ) Back around the corner, Barley looks at the slaves for less than a second before launching a spell. As promised, the gnoll b!tch slits a throat. As she does, glitterdust falls over the whole group of them and they all go blind. The woman turns back toward the open door of the building in the southwest corner of the courtyard and yells something like “my friends, you services are needed” in draconic and then slowly feels her way and stumbles back toward the north. The rest of the gnolls with her all try to chop off a slave head, but all of them miss in their blind state and they too begin to shuffle off. Drexel takes one of them in the back as they stumble away. 2 of the gnolls creeping along the dome jump up onto the stairwell and lift the bar off the big double doors. The remaining draw war horns and blow a long signal. The giant doors begin to rumble and then fly open, knocking the gnolls on the stairs out of the way and prone. A gargantuan pregnant female scorpion (as drex describes her) lumbers out the doors, followed closely by a smaller but still huge sized male. Deep inside the large domed room, Drex can see a second male standing near the back near what looks like a sac of scorpion eggs.  At about this time the 4 mounted gnolls who had fled south from the eastern stairs have made their way around the outer wall and come in behind Drex.

The gnolls who came around back pause for a second, seeing the recently made legendary gnoll killer known only as D!ckneck in all his gory gnoll d!ck covered glory with bow drawn in front of them. The fear of the d!ckneck is almost enough to make them turn and run but they steel their nerves and rush in to throw stingchucks. The hornets do minimal damage, but enough of them swarm all over little Barely to cause him to become a walking puke bucket! Still and Sallah rush toward the gargantuan scorpion as Akbar makes quick work of the last gnoll with a called lightning/flaming sphere death combo. Valin rushes toward the beast, but before he can get in to strike the thing jabs him hard with its tail stinger. Valin is hit hard in the shoulder but manages to shake off the poison and continues his charge connecting with a swing on the creatures leg. Barley pukes and moves away and Drex fires a full volley at the beasts head but only manages to barley connect with the last. The gnolls who let the scorpions out start backing away, and the ones who are blind continue their stumbling retreat. From the building their leader had called to, two large flaming cobras emerge and start moving toward the party. The scorpions move forward and the big girl grabs up Valin and Sallah in her pinchers. She immediately crushes them, turning Sallah into a unconscious sac of meat. Valin proves much more resistant, but another smash from the tail drives his unconscious form out of her claw and into the dirt.

Akbar looks to the sky and calls forth a bolt, as he does the word “nefeshti” can almost be heard on the wind and he and Barley both notice a flash of light and an electric sparkle around the lamp on Barley’s belt as the little man doubles over to wretch for a second time. The bolt comes down with unprecedented power (full damage), and the beast drops to her knees on one side form the impact. Still goes invis and rushes in, taking the opening to jab his short sword into the creatures neck. Blood and green ichor gush from the wound as the creature falls dead on the stones.

As Sallah bleeds, Boomer comes into range to put down a big channel and brings them both back to consciousness. Valin takes a swipe from the ground at the other scorpion, but misses. He stands up but is quickly pinched back into unconsciousness by the angry male. Sallah stands and gets into position to strike at the male. Drexel plugs the scorpion as the snakes and remaining mounted gnolls move into striking range. Barely shakes his nausea off and flamestrikes the scorpion. Boomer sends out another big channel to get Valin up and Akbar calls the lightning onto the male scorpion. Somewhere in all that attacking the male dies… I don’t really remember who put it down.

Covered and blood and scorpion goo, the party turns to face the two large flaming snakes and the mounted and unmounted gnolls now beginning to surround them nervously looking and the flapping phallic trophies of the legendary D!ckneck as he turns his bow toward them. 
End.


