---
title: "Episode 61 - Blob of Wounderous Visions and a Robot Rambo Mission "
date: 2021-12-01T06:58:37-06:00
draft: false
---
Akbar decides to get off the boat and come help as the water elemental busts onto the scene. Its DR is a bit annoying but in general it isn’t to hard to put down. As soon as it dies the greater fire elemental busts out of its pillar and starts burning everyone. The party feels the burn but eventually puts this last beast down as well. Boomer heals everyone up and then goes to the boat to do some lines.

Having put down the guardians in the pillars the party is now free to examine the floating orb of water suspended on the stage. Bellena believes it to be linked to the magic of divination but can’t make out exactly what it is. She touches it and seen in her mind an image of Rayheem charging toward a walled city at the head of an army of barbarians. He is attempting to shield them from a hail of arrows coming from the wall of the city. A vicious looking gnoll steps to the wall and takes aim with a mighty bow, it fires and Rayheem is stopped dead in his tracks, an arrow through his torso. Bellena shocks free of the vision screaming out for Rayheem and crying. She explains that she doesn’t know if what she saw was the future, the past, some alternate reality or what.

Arkbar takes some time to study the orb, and eventually determines that is an artifact known as the well of tears. It is a powerful divination tool. If a character touches it while thinking on questions of the future it can answer them assuming the user has the mental ability to bend the artifact to their will. Otherwise, the orb shows you whatever it feels you might want to see.

Akbar touches the orb and bends it to its will. He sees Jahvuul surrounded by wish warped gnoll warriors, two of which are holding Rockso the Rock merchant.  Jahvuul tells Rockso to say the workds and all his wish will be granted. Rockso says “I wish to awaken Xotani and have his power transferred to Javhuul, I wish to awaken Xotani and have his power transferred to Jahvuul”  Jahvuul answers… “Very good, now as promised the third wish is yours. “  Rockso says “I wish for the greatest cocaine in all the world.” Jahvuul smiles and says “Your wish is granted” and Rockso stands holding a pile of white dust. A gnoll then slits his throat and they drag his body from the room. A woman then enters. She appears to be a warrior who’s body appears to be made of pure diamond. She tells Jahvuul that all the lower chambers have been enchanted so that all EVIL creatures within the chambers have immunity to fire.

As the vision ends, Akbar realizes that a simple obscure alignment spell would bypass this protection.

Still wants to try too. What he sees is not shared with the group. He is unable to control the orb so it chooses to show him what it will. He sees himself standing in front of an air genie he assumes is Nefeshti, and standing next to her is The Master… the major domo of the grand sultan of the Efreet. Nefeshti is about to speak when The Master interrupts her. He looks to Still and says… “Now that this is over, I command you to kill this bitch and we will leave this place.” He smiles at Nefeshti and says “ It was in our best interest to side with you against Jahvuul, but now that he is gone we have no more need of you.” When the party asks what he saw, Still says he saw nothing and that it didn’t work.

Drex wants to see stuff to, hoping to catch a glimps of the status of his hot cousin. For a second he sees a tower that he doesn’t recognize… then he looses control in his mind. Drex goes temporarily insane, but the party deals with it. After seeing that the party decides to stop fucking with this thing and roll out.

They head back to the Luciferno and ask Capt. Riddle to take them to the island of Khosravi, so they can seek out this smith who is making a weapon to fight Jahvuul. Cpt. Riddle explains the only port is on the other side of the island from The Fire Forge (where the smith lives), so he can drop the party off but they are on their own to get across the island. The ships crew warns that the island used to be a training ground for Nex’s armies when he was preparing for war on the material plane, and some of the creatures and defenses that Nex created to train his troops are still on the island. When the party arrive they see that the island is rocky and desolate, and covered in bits of old rusty armor and broken weapons, destroyed siege engines, and blasted earth as far as the eye can see. Here and there are also remnants of destroyed constructs. The crew explains that they can use the colored wind to travel to the volcano if they can get up there. Looking to the sky the party sees sreams of rainbowed wind moving in all directions above the island. Unfortunately Boomer didn’t prepair any fly spells and the party can’t think of any other way to get up there so they decide to quietly walk across the island and hope they don’t draw attention.  They make it about 2 hrs before the loud clanking of Drex’s bow against his armor and Akbar and Bellena’s “whispered” conversation draws the attention of some flying robots that drop from the sky and attack.

The robots try to surround Balleena with weird energy shields, but the party makes fairly quick work of them. After that they try to be more quiet, but it isn’t long before they see shadows in the clouds heading their way again. Balleena makes a tiny hut and crawls in with Akbar and everyone else preps for battle.



End.
