---
title: "Episode 17 - The Dropping of the Kobold King and the Info on Shirak"
date: 2018-12-05T12:27:17-06:00
draft: false
---

Having taken care of all the zombie gnolls and blue kobolds running around, the party took shelter from the skeletal dragon in the stables, healed up, and formulated a plan. Sallah started the charge out the far end of the stable and towards the cliffs, planning to climb the 10 ft cliff and run for the door of the tower. Before anyone else could act on the plan, the dragon took flight and began a long sweeping arc to come around to the other side of the stable, staying high in the air. Valin stepped out into the street and prepared to swipe at the thing as it came buy. Still took to the street invisibly. Sallah came aound to try to get closer to Valin. Drexel took a shot, but it bounced off the dragons bones. Boomer put fly on Valin and Barley shuffled closer to the door to get ready jump out next turn if the dragon landed. 

The dragon came swooping in low and fast, and blasted lighting through Boomer and Barley. Valin connects on his prepared shot, Sallah and Still both swing hard. Fire erupts from Barley as Boomer channels to get HP back up. More arrows fly from Drexel, but he can't seem to connect. Valin get in one more swipe before the dragon retreats back into the sky. Everyone skaters, trying not to give the dragon any more lines for a second lightning shot. Barley plugs it with a magic missile and Drexel again fires ineffectively at the beasts skull. The dragon surveys the scene below it, with a roar it turns and flies off at full speed back toward the mountains. 

Valin contemplates pursuit, but the beast is moving to fast. The party watches the horizon for a bit, then decides its not coming back. They heal up and head up the path to the tower. The platform in front of the tower appears to Boomer to be an ancient Azlanti stone calendar made of huge movable disks carved from coral. The crumbled wall apparently held some sort of star chart with various holes in it used to spot star locations, now it is all crumbled and useless. Still insects the calendar and finds a ruby embedded in the coral that had been missed by previous looters. 

Inside the tower, they find the interior to be a burnt out wreck. None of the interior floors are still in tacts and burnt timbers and ash litter the ground. An area in the back has been cleared away and a trap door in the floor has been open to reveal a dark staircase heading down into the rock. IN front of the door lie two dead kobolds, their teeth missing and their skin wrinkled. Boomer looks them over and explains that it appears that they died of old age. Sallah detects magic and sees that there is a sheen of magic covering the entire opening radiating necromantic magic. It appears that you would need to pass through this magic wall to go down the stairs. The party suspects that what the kobolds tried to do and think that it looks like a bad idea. Inspecting the door itself they find some runes in ancient azanlti. Sallah manages to make out the runes enough to note that they speak of a curse and say that you must speak the name of the original Azlanti astronomer to pass. No one can come up with the name so they decide to wait the night out and have Boomer use stone shape to bypass the trap. Still goes around and decapitates and dismembers all the corpses around here and they all settle in for the night. 

Throughout the night, the corpses do start to twitch and wiggle, but Still appears to have chopped them up enough to avoid the issue. Barley can feel wave after wave of necromantic magic emanating from the stairs. Something down there is sending out this animating power and it is getting stronger and reaching further. Given time, this animating magic could reach Kelmarene. Listening to the stairs throughout the night, the party hears the scuttling of insect like feet, a scraping stomp like some large creature is shuffling around, and 3 voices in conversation. It appears one, speaking low slow and deep, is telling the story of the ancient battle between Jhavhul the Effrit and his army and Nefeshti and her army from a first person perspective. A second voice seems impatient, constantly begging him to skip ahead and saying that he already known this part. The third voice is constantly telling the second voice to be patient, that he has been brain dead for hundreds of years, and respectfully asking the first voice to continue. Finally, the slow methodic voice gets to a part of the story that the second voice is excited to hear. 

The first voice drones on saying "It was in this climactic battle that the wizard Andrathi sacrificed himself unleashing powerful magic. It engulfed him and Jhavhul and all of Jhavhul's most powerful warriors that had gathered around him. In a flash, they were all gone, and where Andrathi stood there was nothing but a scroll of paper left on the ground. In the chaos of the rout of out forces that followed, it was the gnoll Priest Shirak that picked up the scroll, and he fled with it back to the house of the beast. There he took it deep into the crypts, and the entrance to Jhavhuls halls where his wishes were worked were hidden below the throne of bone and carapace."

At this the second voice gets very excited. "Of course, of course. Below the throne. Why did I not look there first. At long last..."

Then the first voice continues...."Here were placed powerful wards to hide the location and bar entrance from any genie kind to protect the location from Nefeshti and her kin"

At this point the droning on of the first voice is drowned out by the cries of anguish from the second voice..."WHAT... NOOO.. IMPOSSIBLE... after all this time to find that I am barred entrance. THis is impossible.  But, no... not impossible. I will just have to find someone else to do my work for me." And with that you hear the voice cast a spell that Barley identifies as Ethereal jaunt. And the third voice tells the first voice that he may stop, and there is no more talking. Thinking about it for a bit, the party puts two and two together and realizes that the impatient then angry voice that cast ethereal jaunt may have been another one of the Templars. 

The rest of the night passes without incident, and in the morning, the party buffs up and boomer casts stone shape and they all slide down the newly made stone slide and into an Azlanti crypt. IN side they fight 4 giant pincher beetles and a mummy minotaur (the mumotaur). THe minotaur seems scary until it is split in two by a massive crit from Valin's ax. The beetles are put down quickly as well thanks to a crit by valin and lots of solid slicing and shooting all around. Moving on, the party busts into another crypt room with a  raised dias holding a intricately carved coral sarcophagus. Atop the sarcophagus is a nastily looking undead kobold with an axe in one hand and a crown of skulls and feathers on his head. Around the dias are 8 unmoving prone kobold skeletons and the bodies of the 2 three jaw clan leaders. The gnoll bodies appear to have been chewed on, particularly in the brain area. The kobold king looks up from his snack and says "You have come to soon, my army is not yet ready. No matter, I will kill you here and you will join my ranks."

He gets the jump on the party and casts magic missiles at Sallah. He then commands all the skeletons and the 2 gnoll bodies to raise and fight, and they do. Still, Sallah, Valin, and the paw patrol all rush in and start smashing skulls. Boomer consecrates the area to set up super turn undead. Drexel preps a shot at the king to disrupt spells.  Barley blasts the area around the kobald king with glitter dust, blinding a previously unseen dude standing next to him. The moops all start swinging. One connects on Valin and he takes a negative level! The newly outlined dude stars an aura of doom, and Valin is shaken. 

Kobold king fires back with some magic missiles at barley. Drexel takes his shot, but it goes wide (the last shot made by Jeremy in substitute, I think he connected like once all night before Tom showed up). More hacking and slashing is done and 2 of the skeletons drop. Then Boomer drops his first super turn undead (super as in hard to resist) hitting all the moops for 18 a piece! Sallah and nobody close on the Kobold King and this caster moop, but there is a zombie still in Nobodys way. Valin decides there are to many AOOs in play and he has to many negatives to hit to go after the kobold king, so he focuses on skeletons and drops another. Another super channel goes off and hurts all the moops real bad again, and Barely launches a scorching ray at the king and burns him good. Moops attack and connect on Boomer, giving him a negative level. The now visible cleric puts an inflict critical wounds down on Still, and it hurt bad.

 The king casts on the defensive. Drex gets his shot off and connects, but only for 7 damage The king concentrates through all that and tries to put Drexel to sleep. He fails (he had no chance of it working anyway). Now drex focuses on the cleric in the back. Sallah steps up next to the king to swipe at the cleric and bings him. Nobody drops a zombie then steps through to connect on the cleric as well. Barley throws fire at the cleric... and he drops! Valin smashes another skeleton to bits and Boomer throws out another channel and drops all the reast of the moops. Everyone turns on the Kobold King. He drops his ax down on Sallah's head, and it hurts. His claw comes through and gives sallah a negative level. Everyone closes and the ball on chain, sword, sword, ax, sword, magic missile combo is to much for him. He dies hopefully forever this time. 

The party catches its breath and begins to search their surroundings and heal up. 

End. 


