---
title: "Episode 60: LoF Online S1E1: The mausoleum of Nex and the battle against the elements part1"
date: 2021-11-21T19:03:25-06:00
draft: false
---

After putting fuck’n Karen and her managers in their place, and a bit of debate about where to go next, the party heals up and follows Spooky the cat into the dead forest off toward the Mausoleum. As they enter the forest a strange feeling of foreboding and calm comes over them. Drex is looking at the trees, explaining how odd it is that they are obviously dead, but still somehow alive. Undead trees. Everyone expects an attack and sees the branches twitching out of the corner of their eyes but notices nothing out of the ordinary when they look in that direction. Boomer thinks upon the stories of the god of parties, and suddenly really feels like he needs to kneel down and prey in front of one of these trees. Seems like a bad idea but he does it anyway. As he does a sense of acceptance of and protection from death washes over him. He gets a 20th level deathward cast on him. Immediately everyone else starts praying… luckily it works the same for everyone.

As they approach the mausoleum, they see Spooky slip inside the front door. The doors are bronze and appear to have a charred humanoid skeleton melted into them.  The mausoleum itself is of a plane white marble, with pillars all around topped with carvings of all sorts of different winged beasts. As the party passes the threshold of the pillars, a strange misty being in the vague shape of a human appears before it. It seems to be made of swirling bits of all the 4 major elements (earth, wind, fire, water) and it speaks to them in a booming voice.

“Why did you come here? What do you seek? This place is for those who are dead, why do the living trouble our endless sleep.”

Drex rattles off something about seeking wisdom or knowledge and the creature responds something about deeper knowledge being dangerous and then hits Drex with an insanity spell. Drex draws an arrow and fires it at Boomer. Still rushes in to stab the thing, and his blades pass right through. He thinks its an illusion, but it looks very convincing. Boomer activates invisibility purge and moves up. Valin checks things out with his ring of true seeing, he confirms its an image and there are some magic ruins on the door and he sees no hiding spell casters or any source of the spell that hit Drex. Everyone just ignores Drex and he babbles and drools on himself. The image at the door asks its same question again. Still stands ready for something to attack. Valin mentions something about the truth, and the image answers some bullshit about how truth is elusive and sometime you need to only trust yourself and other times you shouldn’t trust yourself. Then asks “Dare you face it, dare you use it. Answer truthfully and enter.” Still and boomer mention the truth as well and get the same answer. Drex stabs himself in the corner. Valin answers the question saying yes and kicks the door in and walks inside. As he does, ruins around the threshold activate and he is targeted by many green rays. He feels his body trying to disintegrate into dust but he holds it together and just takes a bunch of damage.

Boomer thinks on things for a second and then hears the last thing the image says repeating over and over again… “Answer truthfully and enter.” He realizes this is some stupid ripoff of a book a read and says “truthfully” as he passes through the door and he enters without anything happening to him. Still does the same. Drex talks to a tree about soup.

Inside, the mausoleum is a wonderous vision of artistic beauty. Shifting base reliefs in the wall depict all the great deeds of the wizard nex upon walls of glistening white tile inset with sparkling[CAJ1]  lapis lazuli. Beautiful crystal chandeliers float suspended in the air casting light onto bronze filagree used throughout the walls and floor in intricate patterns. In the center of the far wall rest a rather plain white bier, simply carved and unadorned. At its head is a marble pedestal on which rests a toppled statue of a man made of various precious metals and ores. It appears to have fallen over and broken into pieces. At the foot of the bier rests a large dragon skull, glinting with golden insets in the lamplight. Spooky the Cat sits on the bier, licking his butt.

Valin checks things over quickly, staying on guard. He sees nothing out of sorts. Boomer examines the statue; it appears to be of the wizard Nex. Something, likely the bast that melted poor Andrathi into the door back there, just knocked it over and it broke. As he tries to re-assemble it Still starts going over the room in detail. Before either can finish the dragon skull starts to levitate and talk. Meanwhile, outside, Drex cuts himself and talks to a rock about various types of cheese.

The skull explains that Nex created him long ago as a loyal servant and companion. Since his death (the dragon’s death, not Nex) he has been bound to this place waiting for Nex to join him. It has been a very long time, and things are pretty boring except for the occasional murdering of tomb robbers. Only once before has anyone shown the respect that Boomer has. So this dragon head, named Venema, decided to talk to you instead of trying to kill you.

Boomer drops a quick full heal on Valin just in case.

Venema explains that for a time Andrathi and Spooky hid out here from Nex. He had become friends with Andrathi and when Javhuul finally found him here, Andrathi paid Venema a final kindness by keeping the fight out of the Mausoleum. When Andrathi died here his sprit lingered, and now Venema can still talk with Andrathi’s sprit.

Through Venema, Andrathi explains that everything you suspected is true. Davashune is a traitor. He found Javhuul through the use of astral projection and the link between Spooky and his cat familiar, Creepy. With the promise of more wish power, that Nefeshti was now denying her templars, Davashune betrayed Nefeshti. He obtained the great genie binding seal, The True Seal of Sulesh. This was the same seal that Andrathi used to trap Javhuul here. He helped lure Nefeshti and bind her in the lamp using this same seal, knowing that the only way to break this seal would be to bring it here and thus also release Jahvuul. He orchestrated the finding of all the other templars by the Div that slowly drove them insane. He knew without their help, Nefeshti would need to bend the fickle strands of fate to find new templars and they would eventually release Nefeshti and thus release Jahvuul. All has come to pass as he had planned. Now, Davashuun is undoubtably serving Jahvuul in the material plane.

All of this reiterates the need of the party to press for a way out. Venema explains that when Nex made Kakishone, it had to be linked to the planes of the elements to give material to the creators to form things. 4 nodes were brought here by Nex, one for each element. The nodes are a link to the elemental planes, from which you could use standard means to travel back to the material plane.

When Andrathi trapped Javhuul here, he did so by overloading the node of wind and sucking the army in. This broke that node, which was on the Isle of Not and also served to bind the creators there. Now that they are free, the creators will be working to destroy the other nodes and undo Kakishone forever.

When Jahvuul left, he did so through the node of fire that was in the pleasure palace of Nex. He obviously knew this was a way out, but as long as the True Seal of Sulesh was whole it was binding all genie from leaving this place. As soon as he sensed the seal was destroyed, he opened the portal to the plane of fire and left. He destroyed the fire node on his way out, likely thinking he had found the only way out and didn’t want you all to use it.

That leaves 2 nodes. The node of water lies deep under the sea of wine in the lair of the great sea turtle Kirhosk. The other is the node of earth witch resides in the Golden Bowl on the desert isle of Khandelwal.

Great, you all think, we already killed that turtle and Captain Riddle knows where the lair is…. But no, it won’t be that easy. It will take wishcraft to use the nodes and open the portals. The only being Venema knows of that could do that alive on kakishone is Obherak… the ruler of the earth genie here. And you have all heard from his daughter that he doesn’t take kindly to visitors (especially those serving fire genies) and doesn’t want to leave. This doesn’t mean he couldn’t be convinced to see you though…

The party also asks about the makers. Venema explains that they want to take the order they were forced to create here and return it to chaos. They could get you out by destroying Kakishone and all who dwell in it… but they can’t unmake those who are from the material plane. Those beings would need to be wiling to leave or be removed forcibly (she means they need to be killed).

A voice in their heads mentions to ask about the tatoos… but all in front of Venema actually like their tatoos so they don’t. Through Venema, Andrathi offers a bit of unsolicited advice about them anyway. Davashuun was turned by the draw of more and more wish power, so you should be weary of seeking out such gifts. The party is like… yeah yeah we know. Outside Drex stabs himself and yells at the sky about how good bananas taste.

One last thing before they leave, if they are going to get out and fight Jahvuul, they should go talk to the forge master Artel Norrin. In secret, Andrathi had him making weapon to fight Jahvuul with. Once Jahvuul found out about the forge master, in order to keep the weapon secret, Norrin sided with Javhuul and helped him kill Andrathi. But he may still have been working on this weapon in secret.

With that, the party rolls out. Boomer takes a second to check out Drex who is asking the dirt what it thinks about stars… and realizes this isn’t going away on its own. It was an insanity spell and it’s a permanent spell. It will need to be cured. There are various ways to do it, but once he realizes he can do it with a full heal and he has one prepped, he just does it.

Before heading to the ship they do go and swing by that other structure. It appears to be an intricately carved stage surrounded by 4 huge dome topped rock pillars. On the stage is a swirling ball of floating water. The party cautiously approaches, and as Boomer crosses the pillars a water elemental steps out of the nearest pillar and attacks. It’s a quick 2 round battle. Valin takes some damage but the water elemental is put down. Unfortunately, elementals are immune to crits and sneak damage so Still is not having fun. As soon as it dies, an air elemental steps out of the next pillar. It immediately goes whirlwind and sucks up boomer. This fight is equally fast with Still finishing it off with use magic devise and a wand of scorching ray! The damage taken by the party is a bit higher. Valin is down quite a bit as the wind elemental is killed and a rock elemental busts out of the next pillar…

End.
