---
title: "Episode 23 - The Behir Hunt and First Assault on the House of the Beast"
date: 2018-12-08T16:17:14-06:00
draft: false
---
Drex and Still go and scout out the house of the beast from a distance. They learn all that stuff in that previous e-mail. Meanwhile, Valin and Boomer spot all the things mentioned in that other previous e-mail and that group decides to hunt down the Behir.

Valin follows the tracks of the Behir to a well concealed cave entrance. They wait and watch for a while as the lightning storm grows stronger overhead. Eventually, Drex and Still catch up and they decide to head in. Sallah throws a sun rod in as far as he can, but they don’t see anything. Still creeps ahead to scout things out as Sallah retrieves his sunrod and throws it again as everyone creeps forward in formation. Around a bend, Still spots the behir. At about the same time, the Behir begins to move forward roaring in challenge.

The party springs to action. Still is first to react, as always, and rushes in for a sneak attack. The creature was waiting for that though, and as his blades connect the creature quickly reacts and grabs Still up in his jaws. Still feels the all to familiar squeeze of massive lizard jaws on his skull as Drex lands some arrows and Barley lays down a fire ball. Sallah takes advantage of the grappling condition of the behir to dances around to the back side and Valin get in to position. They both start laying into the creature, but he does prove hardy as he continues to chew on his meal. Still goes unconscious even before he has a chance to wiggle free. Boomer rushes up and put s a heal on Still as Drex lands a few more arrows… including a solid crit. Sallah lands a smack from the back and Valin uses the distraction to cleave the monsters skull in two, freeing Still. The party heals up and takes a nap. Still searches the cave and the guts and finds a few hundred worth of gold and trinkets.

There is much debate on which way to enter the hotb. Eventually, it is decided that the south hole in the wall is the way to go. The party gets into position and buffs up a bit, preparing for their 100ft dash across the cleared zone and into the complex. With Still in the lead, and short legged Barley in riding master blaster style on Valin’s shoulders as Drex brings up the rear, the party rushes the gap. They make it inside the walls without confrontation, but as soon as they get there 4 Hyenadon mounted Gnolls are riding their way. Drex starts plugging away, dropping 2 of the mounts before they can make much ground. Barely opens with a magic missile as everyone else makes their way into the complex taking cover between the large dome and the angled edge of the near by pool in its south east corner.  As the gnolls begin to move forward, Barely softens them all up with a fireball. Drex follows that up with a manyshot crit for 86+ damage! Putting two arrows through the back of a gnolls skuill at the same time, and poking its eyes out from the back. Drex calls out that those eyes are his, because this shot officially made him eligible as a gnoll killer!! Must be some sort of weird Ekujaei Elf ceremony. Anyway, everyone congratulates him as they stab, slash and bash the gnolls and hyendaons to death and prepare for the next wave of 4 that have made it to the stairs. Boomer lays on some prayer and keeps at Valin’s side.

Akbar wanders around staring at the sky and whispering about nefeshti. He puts up a fog cloud on the west side of the great domes southern awning to provide cover from gnoll archers that might come around the back side. Meanwhile, Sallah dances his way up to the large bar on the outside of the south door of the large dome. He listens to the door, and amazingly manages to make out the clicking of many large insectoid legs. He looks at the bar on the door… it is a massive piece of wood, and he whispers to Valin asking if he should open it, because whatever is inside is probably more fun. Valin scoffs at him, telling him that his dancer arms couldn’t open that bar on his own even if he wanted. Sallah takes the challenge, but as hard as he tries it won’t budge. Luckily he is a good performer, so he makes it look like he barely tried and then gave up.

Barley again softens up the next group of mounted gnolls coming at them with fire. Drex takes out a mount as they rush forward. This time they all get close enough to act before dying, and 3 of the gnolls chuck these strange severed heads they have on their belts in the general area of Boomer, Valin, and Sallah. The severed heads burst on impact with the ground releasing a bunch of angry insects. They sting and bite at Sallah, Valin, and Boomer. The first one didn’t seem too bad, but the second one makes Valin and boomer walking puke buckets and they both start puking into the nearby pool. Still appears next to the lead gnoll and stabs him dead. Sallah rushes up and takes down another. Drex lays down the pain and Valin wipes the puke form his mouth, coming to just in time for the clean-up.
At this point, the party has a few rounds respite, but I think boomer is still puking for a round. Another group of 8 more riders have just mounted up in the courtyard and across to the north end they see 4 gargoyles come to life and start flying toward them from the top of the large 100ft tall minaret.

