---
title: "Episode 53"
date: 2020-01-06T14:02:38-06:00
draft: false
---

Recrap - lof53 - the lesser of infinite evils and curiosity killed the nerd
 
The sanctuary is opened, and everyone comes out to play. As the party starts to descend into the newly formed secret staircase into the depths of the pyramid, the angel reappears. He looks to still be damaged, and he is put down with one hit… but not before he can try to kill again with his crazy spells. The party rushes down the staircase and finds an orb of fire on a pedestal in the inner room. They take a lot of caution in grabbing the orb (Indiana jones style), but there are no traps. The orb is incredibly hot to the touch, and the party realizes putting it in a bag with other stuff would probably lead to melted stuff. So Vallin just carries it. 
 
Assuming that the angel is back again and waiting upstairs, so the party opts to have Barley DD them all to the top tower room again. They take a quick peek in the rooms up there they hadn’t been in before. They find the fire pit sauna room and the bedroom up there, but nothing of interest. Then Barley notices the scry sensors floating over Still, Sallah, Valin and Boomer. He doesn’t say anything at this time. 
 
Then Still mentions that the drow has returned. He is on the ceiling invisible in the corner, and he and Still start up a conversation. There was lots of innuendo in this conversation skirting around the fact that they both knew they were being watched. The drow was adamant that only he and Still should use the orb to go through the portal into what he was calling “the inner sanctum” to talk. He explains that anyone who enters that room will be putting themselves into danger, but some how he and Still were immune to this. When pushed more, he admitted that they would see something in there that would give them certain knowledge that they shouldn’t have. All the while he was careful to only say he was only there to return the eye to its rightful owner and when pushed harder he flat out said he was doing the Grand Sultan’s bidding… but some in the party could tell he wasn’t being 100% truthful. Everyone somehow reached an understanding that the red dragon you faced earlier was scrying on all of you… how this info got into all the characters heads when only Barley knew the sensors were there was questionable. In any case, it eventually though this tense conversation become apparent that you can’t be scryed on when you are inside that inner sanctum. 
 
After much deliberation, it is decided that everyone would go into the inner sanctum except Boomer. This is because it is an extra-dimensional space and so taking the scroll of kakishone or any bags of holding seemed like a bad idea. So Boomer stayed out side with the scroll and the bags, and for added protection Damacious put the bags and scroll under a metal chair and then shaped the metal to form a cage with no door for all the stuff. Everyone but boomer then heads into the sanctuary with the drow by having invisible Still put the orb into the heat shimmer and holding it there until everyone who wants to had passed through.  
 
The drow magically lights a torch with upon entering the inner sanctum and rushes over to a desk which appears to have candle making equipment with black and blue wax supplies. He begins melting the wax and destroying any papers around the equipment. As he does he looks at Still and asks if he now understands why the rest of the crew shouldn’t’ have come in. Also in the room on the desk is the Impossible eye, and a large book made of some sort of metal. On the opposite side of the room is what appears to be a summoning circle. Someone asks about the book and the drow tells them that it is the codex of the infinite planes and it is worth more than everything in the entire material plane combined. 
 
Still starts filling in some knowledge gaps. What he didn’t know and just found out is that the “messenger” who had given him his assassination missions was Al Hassan. It comes out somehow Al Hassan, Still and this Drow all served a “master” that is actually the major domo of the Grand Sultan, the one called the Grand Vizer and maybe the only being close to having the same amount of power in this plane as the grand Sultan himself. The “master” knew the eye was here and had been using Al Hassan, and the eye, to hand out assassination missions for profit and to gain power and influence for himself here in the city of brass. If the grand sultan knew any of this, it would be very bad for the “master”… which means everyone here needs to go before him and hope he is merciful or they need to die. 
 
The drow knows he can’t win this fight. He is proposing that he helps the party open this eye and kill Exer Hazzebiem, and then he can take them all to the Grand Vizer. The party says they cant’ do this, and they tell the drow they need the eye to stop Jhavul from waking the fire bleeder and destroying the material plane. The Drow suggests that the Grand Viser has vested interests in seeing the material plane stay in tact, and that maybe you can convince him to let you borrow the eye back. Everyone is very skeptical. The Drow mentions that the colossal red dragon scrying on you is fully capable of chasing you wherever you run, on the material plane. He will find you and he will kill you and take the eye. The only person who could possibly get him off your tale is the Grand Viser. You need him. 
 
The party isn’t 100% sure he is telling the truth. Maybe they could get Rayheem to get the dragon off their tale. Maybe going into the scroll would save them. Mayde Shazathared can help them after she gets them back to Rayheem’s. Maybe they can come up with the needed magic on their own in Katapesh to stop this dragon from hunting them. There is much debate and many many questions. 
 
During all this talk, Damacious decides he wants to read that book. He goes over and opens it up. He is immediately consumed in holy flames (targeted by a high power destruction spell). He dies (taking 200hp). A quick spell craft check by Barley inform the party they need a wish or a true resurrection to come back. 
 
Ultimately, the Drow says before anything else can be done, they need to pour their holy water on the eye to open it and kill this Ezer Hazzibeim. The party says…. Wait, holy water?!?
 
The drow says if you don’t have it, he knows there is some in the wine cellar. Its guarded by some barbed devils who are trapped here now because of the curse. So, they all agree to go deal with that first and then decide what to do here. They trust the drow to lead them down there and he does. They leave the inner sanctum and tell boomer they are heading downstairs. Boomer uses dimensional hop to grab their bags from Damacious’s home made cage. They shove Damacious’s corpse in with Akbar’s ashes in a bag and head down stairs. 
 
The barbed devils prove to be pretty easy. They get a few good hits in, but he party kills one quickly and then Barley makes the other two get very confused. They get locked into a situation where they wail on each other until one of them dies (so sweet), then the party kills the survivor and move on down in to the cellar.
 
They pass a gambling hall, a bar, and a hooka sex den. There are some drunk efreet in the bar, but the party just leave them and moves on. In the cellar they find a huge stash of sweet efreet tobacco, a bunch of kegs of good wine, and the holy water they were looking for. They take a minute to fill up their sanctuary with this sweet contraband, then they have Barley teleport them all back up to the top of the tower. 
 
There is much more discussion. How this is all done without the dragon listening is kind of overlooked because Boomer will not go into the inner sanctum under any circumstances and leave the scroll outside and unguarded. We meta hand waive this off as being done using the message spell and whispering into the walls with their hands cupped over their mouths (or whispering into each other’s butts in human centipede fashion… but I guess some people weren’t down for that… cause come on, what sicko would still watch you if you were doing that). 
 
Eventually after much debate about who they should trust, where they should open the eye, and who might have the power to get this dragon off their tales and what might happen when they go into the scroll and if the water djinn or Nefeshti herself could do something and exploring many many options the party decides that they will trust the drow and take the eye to the Grand Viser after killing Ezer inside the ineer sanctum where the dragon can’t see what’s happening. How or why this was the decision, I don’t have the details on. Ultimately I think it was the lesser of infinite evils (but I suspect that Still had a big hand in pushing the party this way). 
 
Still, Boomer is not going to leave the scroll and enter the sanctum. And he agrees with Sallah that they have to be sure that Shazathared gets out. So Boomer takes himself and all their bags to her fountain room. He explains that the curse will be lifted soon and he hopes that she can escape and take him to Rayheem’s villa on the material plane. There he sits and waits to see what happens.
 
The rest of the party, with no healer, enters the inner sanctum with the drow to open the eye. 
 
Once inside the eye, the 13 needed holy waters are poured onto the eye. The party buffs up, and the words are said to open the eye. Ezer Hazzebeim, who turns out to be large sized, appears in the room and reaches to take the eye. Invisible Still grabs it first. It’s on. As usual, the big fight lasts about a round and a half. The party wails on Ezer like a sack of potatoes. He gets one spell off, but whoever he targets, I forget, makes teir saving throw. He calls some sort of Jackel demon that can see invisible to hunt down Still. Then he drops like a chump. He had 425 hps, and he lasted a round and a half. The demon dude gets some god hits in, but he is dead within another round (like all evil outsiders when the d!ck neck is swinging). The party loots the sh!t out of this guy and gets lots of sweet stuff. Then they all join hands with the drow and he takes them to the Grand Vizier.
 
Meanwhile, Barley can feel the towers above him start shaking. The dragon is tearing the place apart and calling for Ezer Hazzebeim to come out. But the curse is gone. Shazathared follows through on her promise and they are instantly standing in the courtyard of Rayheem’s villa in Katapesh. 
 
The rest of the party find themselves in a lavish throne room. All around them are super hot Efreet women wearing very little but all holding weapons at the ready and looking like they know what they are doing. Before them sits the Grand Vizier, a huge Efreet in decked out in beautiful silks who welcomes Master Stillness and Master Matajinn. He turns to Still and says he is glad to finally meat his companions and then holds out a hand. The eye is immediately handed over, Still explains the situation and Matajinn confirms everything that was said. 
 
With little argument. The Grand Viser agrees to help and allow Still to borrow the eye. But he requires Master Matajinn to have possession of it at all times and as soon as the scroll has been opened Master Matajinn will bring the eye immediately back to him and Still can continue on his path to defeat Jhavuul. However, the rest of the party now have a choice to make. They know about his organization and his plots to gain power behind the back of the grand sultan. They are left with 2 options. 
 
1 – Pledge yourself to the service of his Brotherhood (Valin interrupts immediately here and says DONE! Before he can finish)… his Brotherhood of the Flickering Flame. If they do, they will gain a wish granted power similar to those that Still has received in the past. Also, Still must bring his templar weapon immediately to the Grand Vizier and surrender it as soon as Jhavuul has been dealt with. 
 
2- Die. Right here, and right now. 
 
The party agrees… honestly no one was even very reluctant and seemed more interested in what the wish powers are then what the service entails. Everyone gets some sweet wish powers (TBD) and says the words to bind themselves to the Grand Vizier (also in separate e-mail). With a snap of his finger he says your dragon problem has been dealt with.
 
With a second snap you find yourself standing in Rayheem’s courtyard right next to Boomer and Shazathared. Master Matajinn is there as well. 
 
And there you have it. Now you are all Templars of the 7 Winds in the service of the Djinn princess Nefeshti. you are all beneficiaries of a wish granted by a water genie, AND now most of you are members of the Brotherhood of the Flickering Flame in the service of an Efreet lord…. interesting turn of events. 
