---
title: "Episode 22 - The Unmasking of a Snake and Undead Dragon Slaying"
date: 2018-12-07T12:48:27-06:00
draft: true
---
A group of 5 large gnolls wielding large axes barreled down the mountain toward the party. Their leader seemed to hang back to observe as the party got into position near a large rock that provided some cover and got ready to strike. Barely and Drexel opened up with spells and arrows as Still and Sallah adjusted their positon to wrap around the gnolls as they came in. As they got closer, Valin rushed in and dropped a gnoll that Drex had softened for him and then got swarmed. As the gnolls came in to attack they whispered some chant while drawing a circle on their axes, which then erupted in flames. As Sallah helped defend the casters from direct attack on the other side of the rock. Slashing, stabbing, shooting and spell slinging happened, and a few rounds later all the berserkers with flaming axes were dead and Valin had a nasty gash in his back from a lucky near crit with an ax which boomer started tending to. Meanwhile, it had become apparent from the flame strikes that their leader was a caster. Akbar throws up a fog cloud to limit the casters vision and Barley keeps peppering him with magic missiles as Sallah started to move towards him. Suddenly, Sallah turned and attacked Valin! The caster had a hold of his mind.
 
Valin rushed toward the caster as Boomer got a prot. From evil off on Sallah, which seemed to cure him. Unfortunately, the caster had shot dancing lights into the sky, potentially alerting those watching below in the house of the beast that something was up… then it went invis. Barely activates a wand and points out the casters location and he is quickly stabbed and slashed to death. As it dies, its true form is revealed. A Snakeman (aka Yuan-ti if you have Hasbro rights)! Valin gets real mad and chops the corpse to bits. Snake men were responsible for the attack on his kingdom (and also are monstrous humanoids).
 
The party starts to heal up, but realizes it needs to do it quickly because a familiar undead dragon has taken flight from the house of the beast and is heading in their direction. After some quick heals the party scatters amongst  the nearby boulders. As soon as it comes close enough, Barly sends 2 rounds of fire ball barrage at the flying dragon.  Drex starts shooting, but flying dragons made of bone are apparently hard to hit. As the dragon draws close, Barley takes cover inside the still present fog cloud where the Brothers of the South Wind are also hiding. The dragon is undeterred by this cloud, and using his blind sense it located barley and bathes him in lighting. It then lands inside the fog cloud, blocking it from view from most the party, and bites down on little Barley… apparently he doesn’t enjoy getting burned a lot. Sallah rushes in to the spot he thinks it’s hiding in, and manages to get close enough to see it and take a swing. The hammer misses, no wait, yup still misses. Still rushes in for a strike… and then the meteor hammer actually impacts on a delayed fish reaction! Sallah crunches some bones, but his bone breaker gauntlets aren’t quite powerful enough to break anything this time. Still slashes at the thing, and Akbar lifts the fog cloud. Now with a clear line of sight Valin rushes at the dragon. Ignoring the pain of the quick smack of tail the creature delivers on his approach, Valin leaps high into the air and brings his ax down on the dragons head, WHICH HE SPLITS IN TWO (with a massive ax crit) !! Barely lets out a sigh of relief as the creature crumbles to the ground, and quickly calls for Boomers help.
 
The party heals up, and it is then decided that Still and Drex will stealth up a bit and try to do some recon on the house while the rest of the party looks for a good place to hide for the night because Barley is tired.

End. 


