---
title: "Episode 39 - The Attack At The Manor And Do The Right Thing"
date: 2018-12-12T07:09:47-06:00
draft: false
---

After a long discussion with Rayhem the Otherworldly regarding all that you know about the scroll of kakishone, how you came into contact with it, and all your dealings with the templars of the 7 winds and the revelation that Nefeshti herself is trapped in the bottle that Barley holds…. The old man looks giddy with the prospects that this scroll may actually be the real scroll of kakishone. He shows you a painting he has on his wall, the only representation of Kakishone that is considered authentic, and explains to you all he knows about the scroll… which isn’t much more than you have already heard. The painting depicts a boat floating on a vaugly purplish body of water. In the distance an island can be seen. The find detail is staggering, and one could spend hours staring and still not find all the strange animals and eerie ruins hidden in the painted junglescape. Rayhem explains that over the years he has examinend many forgeries from people claiming to have found the artifact, so many that he had become skeptical that the real scroll even still existed. Rayhem explains that he already knew the wizard Andrathi, lover of Nefeshti, was the last to posses the true scroll and he knows Andrathi found out how to activate it and used it to imprison Jhavhuul (which you all already knew). It seems to be fate that has brought you to him now, because just recently the young Damascious came to him to further his studies and Damacious has in his possession the diary of Andrathi, and in that diary Andrathi details all his research on the scroll. He will need to examine the scroll and copy its runes down to reference in his studies, and it will likely take weeks of research and cross reference before he can learn anything, but he should only need the scroll itself for a day. After that he will return it to you for safe keeping. He explains he will begin his studies on the morrow and leave the scroll with Boomer for the time being.

Once open, he wishes to travel with you into the scroll as it is said Neth kept many treasures there. Rayhem’s adventuring days are far behind him, and he doesn’t seek to claim any gold or artifacts. Only the chance to be the first to access any tombs hidden away in Neth’s private sanctuary.

With that, he goes up to his library to prepair for tomorrows studies. You all party for a bit more with Baleena, and then you all retire for the night. Boomer, Akbar, and Sallah end up passing out in the bath house after far to much booze and cocain. Everyone else crashes in the guest bunks as Baleena and Damacious retire to their own separate chambers.

Late into the night, as Still meditates and everyone else sleeps, Still and Valin both jolt to attention at the should of a cracking noise. Still unmistakably identifies it as a door frame being fractured and alerts the others. Some buffs happen and the party moves out the door into the common room. 8 hooded humanoid forms wielding short swords are slowly advancing into the manor house, they attack as soon as they see Valin in the doorway.

Lots of fighting ensues, but the thugs are no match for the assembled power before them. At one point, Damacious emerges from his room in nothing but his underwear and unleashes an unseen servant as a distraction as he gets his spear and rushes to aid Baleena. Barley beats him to it, and burns the thugs that have entered her room, but unfortunately she is already injured. Damacious rushed in to heal her as he channels to get the rest of the party up as well. It seems the fight is over quickly, but luckily for the party Barley had activated see invis. 2 Xills float down through the ceiling, still on the ethereal plane.

Confused about the ethereal hunters presence, Barley asks them what they are doing here. They explain they were ordered to kill him and they materialize and attack. The don’t even get to swing their buggy arms before they are both dropped.

As soon as they are down Baleena and Damacious rush upstairs to check on Rayhem, and the party hears a scream from Baleena. It appears Rayhem has been taken. A note has been left, secured to the table by a dagger.

It reads…

“Your friend is a guest in my lair. If you would see him alive again, you will agree to my demands. Surely a life is a fair trade for such a treasure, yes? Place the lamp in a box, weigh it down with stones, place a light spell on the box and throw it from the cliffs behind Rayhem’s manor into the sea tomorrow at sunset. When I have my lamp, your friend will be returned unharmed. If I do not receive it, your friends blood is on your hands.”

 No foot prints can be found except for a hard to spot set of halfling sized footprints near the trap door on the roof. The party immediately suspects Tamir, the halfling thug from the one source merchant guild who had come the threaten Rayhem about his possession of their “property” earlier that day. With little left to go on that evening, the party decides they should rest and deal with this in the morning… they heal up and sleeps.

In the morning, the party barely has time to look for more clues before they see the pact master guard marching up the road to Rayhem’s place, accompanied by one of the pact masters steel golems. Leading them is Kashim, the young female cleric of the church of abadar that you met at the dinner last night. In front of the guards she is stern and demanding, claiming that many parties have come to the pact masters claiming the PCs are carrying a genie lamp and are refusing to sell it. She explains the powerful artifact is bringing out the worst in people, and the party has been accused of violating laws of free trade. The pact masters want to see the lamp put up for auction and soon. She has the guard secure the area and comes to speak with the party in private.

In private she is much more sympathetic to the parties situation. The party explains that they just got into town a day ago and it seems unfair to be demanded to sell their treasures on such short notice. It appears the pact master have been getting complains for a week… someone must have been spreading rumors prior to the PCs arrival in the city. She has come as a show of force, and also to bring an offer. The one source merchant guild is claiming they will start a trade embargo if the lamp is not offered for auction, so the pact masters must look to be coming down on you. In truth, the pact masters suspect that the one source guild has been avoiding the payment of import taxes for some time, and they have grown tired of the guilds strong arm tactics. However, they can’t publicly attack the guild as it would be in violation of their own trade laws. If the PCs can some how bring proof that the one source guild is avoiding taxes and how they are doing it, the pact masters will disband the guild. At this point the pcs start talking about how the guild shouldn’t be disbanded, but instead they will take it over. Kashim is doubtful that the pcs could some how become the leaders of this guild. Just killing the leaders doesn’t give you the right to all their property and you have no understandings of the guilds inner workings. But if the PCs find some way to do this, more power to them. In any case, the PCs tell Kashim to tell the public that the lamp will be auctioned in 1 weeks time. Kashim accepts this, but then also brings up the matter of the escaped slave. She means no offence, but by law Barley still belongs to Masion Fajr. She explains typical lost slaves can be claimed by another party by a fee paid to the pact masters of 50gp… fo course assuming no claim in put in for them by their previous owner. Barley pays his own 50gp… Kashim takes it but apologetically says the one f the other party members will need to claim him as slaves can’t legally hold property in Katapesh. Barley gives her a made up name to use as her new owner. She accepts this and wishes the party well. She storms out and yells back in a stern voice, now in listening distance of the guards, that the party has exactly one week to auction the lamp or they will face charges. She and the guards are about to storm off when she is called back to the gardeners shed. It appears the thugs killed the gardener. She barks at the PCs to clean this mess up and her and the guards march away.

The party starts plotting about how they will infiltrate the guild.

Most discussion points to the one sources warehouse near the docks. Barley knowns it well, as he used to live there. Mason Fajr lives there and there is a secret door in the floor of her room where they keep the best treasures (and where they kept Barley). The party talks about going to stake this out first, but they are reminded that they can’t just go run in blasting everything in the warehouse. Kashim said the operation must be done quietly, or the Pact master guard will be called and they will be forced to arrest the PCs for attacking a sanctioned guild.

The party is left thinking on their next move.

End.

Oh man... i totally forgot to mention Haleen in any if this info. The sunset ship floated into port this morning. It is known that the captain of the sunset ship does a fair amount of trade with the one source merchants guild. 

When I say floated i mean on air. The ship hovers above the water as it comes into port. 

You asked Kashim how you could get a hold of the captain of the sunset ship, she said the most common way is to go down to the docks and talk to her men there. You also learned that the sunset ship has been coming to port here far longer than Haleen has been away from the Brothers... who still don’t have a last name so are just referred to as the brothers :)

Most thought that contact with her was the best way into the one source guild.
