---
title: "Episode 27 - The Slaughtering of a King and the Impossible Garden"
date: 2018-12-08T16:37:46-06:00
draft: false
---

As the party scans the room for magic stuff, Barley notices magic emanating from a spot where there is visibly nothing there. It is soon discovered that there is an invisible creature in the room. Upon being discovered, a goblin cleric that was hiding near the door makes himself visible and welcomes the adventurers to the house of the beast. Amazingly, Still refrains from stabbing him on sight. The goblin introduces himself as Blobgob. He is very wary of the elves in the group, and Boomer notices that he wears the holy symbol of Lamashtu. He explains that he wants the carrion king dead because he has turned his back on the mother (lamashtu). He assumes the party is here for the same reason and offers to help. He claims he can bring luck to you. The party learns from him that the Carrion Kings harem is through the other door in the room, where there are women of all sizes mainly lying about and smoking hookas (although the way Blobgob talks you are not 100% sure of that. He also explains that the smaller door leads to a store room with various food stuffs and some sort of fermented liquid that he claims is made of Hyenadon cum. He lets you know what he knows about the Carrion King and his pet, which isn’t much you didn’t already know. The party busts open the store room just to check stuff out, and Barley takes a small barrel of pipe weed and avoids the white liquid : )  Meanwhile, Sallah is talking with Blobgob and he mentions the light of Sarenrae guiding them and at this Blobgob says that he is out. He won’t fight with any Sarenrae worshipers because he assumes you will try to kill him. He offers some buffs and healing (he makes still invis) and then he goes to hide in the secret door.

The party buffs to all high hell and busts into the Carrion King’s throne room. He sits casually on his throne eating a heart. He thaks the adventurers for exposing the traitors above for him, and then he tells his two big unchosen guards to deal with the rabble but to leave the one they call D!ckneck to him. To bad the party got the jump on all of them and Boomer shows off his new DD trick, putting Still and Valin right in the face of the king because he can even stand up. Sallah starts in on the unchosen that is right next to the door, drawing first blood, and then Still goes to work on the flat footed Carrion king dealing well above 50 damage before he even has a chance to finish eating the heart in his hand. Barley lays an electric fireball on the unchosen and Akbar does some burning. Drex starts plugging the unchosen, claiming the first kill and his first large sized D for his neck.  The king stands up and called for Thok-tal. A gargantuan stegopeed crawls through the bone pit and bursts up next to him. The king pulls his axes out and swipes at Valin, but he misses. Much to Sallah’s displeasure, the massive bone and throne made to look like a spider with a gaping maw of teeth and decorated with scarab backs does not prove to be an obstacle or provide any cover to the king or Valin. Valin returns fire with some ax punishment of his own and makes the king slip on that heart he just dropped.  Before round 1 is over, one unchosen is dead and the king has taken over 100hp in damage and is prone. It pretty much all goes downhill for him from there.  Thok-tal starts taking some hits from the king, but neither Still or Valin have much problem hitting the carrion kings ac of 28. Before the end of round 3, the king is staggered and bleeding everywhere from ax and sword wounds, plus some electricity damage from Barley tacked on for good measure. Thok-tal has a hard time connecting, but manages to get s strike through to Valin giving him sone dex damage from poison, but Valin shakes off that poison pretty quickly. The carrion king gets a quick slice with offhand in on Valin, but in general is having a hard time connecting. Meanwhile Sallah, drex, and Akbar manage to put down that other carrion guard. Sallah starts working his way around to get a flank set up on Thok-tal for Still as Akbar and Drexel begin to focus in on the worm. Still connects with another stab on the Carrion king, his eyes roll back like he is dying, but suddenly a spell goes off and many of his wounds close. Still continues to work him over with the rest of his attacks, ignoring the centipede that keeps bobbing and weaving in front of Still’s blades trying in vain to protect his master. Back in full vigor, the carrion king drops his offhand weapon and slams Valin with a painful 2 handed smack with his ax.  Valin scoffs, trips the king up again, and then plants his ax right into the x in the Carrion kings forehead. This time his skull splits in 2 and there is no spell to save him.

Enraged, the cenepide assaults Valin, he gets through with another quick bite but boomer has been at Valin’s back the whole time feeding him heals when needed. The worm can’t stand long against the full assault of arrows, spells, stills precision blades backed up by Sallah’s flank. In less then a round its all over.

The party catches their breath quick and starts moving toward the throne, but suddenly 2 more unchosen and a crazy looking bald butcher of an orc enter the room. The unchosen charge forward toward Drex as the cleric moves up and casts a buff spell. Everyone reverses course as Drex steps back and starts plugging the new unchosen and Barley lights them up. Akbar probes some brains and Still races across the bone pit on nimble elf feet as he closes on them. The cleric gets off a confusion spell as the Still and Drex finish off the 2 unchosen, Akbar falls victim to the spells effects, but he manages to act normally anyway and drills the clerics brain again. Focused arrow storm and spell damage end the battle quickly before Valin even gets around the corner to help.

The party takes a second to smile at the carnage they just delt out in very short order. Barley activates see invis and sure enough, Rokova is there in the room. In fact, he was already on his way over to the throne. Barely calls him out, saying that they have won and asks what the invisible gnoll is doing. He has no reason to hide. To this, rokova smiles. He says he is following the plan, and he is no fool. He touches a scarab on the throne and it rolls back releaving not a scroll sitting there for the taking like the party may have though, but a deep dark 5ft hole in the ground. Rokova then casts ethereal jaunt and is gone.

Blobgob peeks his head into the room and asks if the king is dead and if the party needs any help stopping their drippy drippys. Boomer tells him no and he leaves. Sallah drops a sun rod down the hole, and seens that is lands on a bed of soft green grass. The party takes a few minutes to loot and look over all the magic items they have found. Valin gets a +2 amulet of natural armor on him and a few other items are passed out.  Blobgob checks in one last time while the party heals themselves, but again they waive him off as Boomer rushes headlong into the hole shouting something about oceans of wine.

Down the hole the party finds a small 20ft circular room carpeted in beautiful green grass.  A 10ft wide stairway curves down deeper into the mountain. Boomer is still rushing along as the rest of the party follows after with a bit more caution. At the end of the stairwell, the party finds a cavern that contains a beautiful green garden. At its center is a fountain surrounded by cracked granite benches. The fountain flows with crystal clear water. Behind it, a bubbling brook of fresh water comes out of the wall, then turns and flows down a grate in the floor. A small footbridge crosses the stream. In an alcove on the opposite side of the room is a beautiful almond tree.  Randomly placed amongst the garden are 4 statues which appear to be large, grimacing faces. To the right is a 15ft plain stone circular chamber and to the left, a 10ft wide passage winds away into darkness.

As the party enters the room, the stone faces begin to bealch out gas. Boomer rushes up to try to inhale it and then suddenly, the gas clouds form into rasts. Still tries to attack but finds himself paralysed by the rast’s gaze. Valin also falls victim, but only for a moment. The party is a bit hindered by the averting and closing of eyes, and although Drex eventually gets paralysed and a rast starts sucking his blood the fight is over pretty quickly.

The party begins looking around this strange garden. Barely finds that the almonds are all magical. The 15ft plain stone room appears to have a perfect circle of ash on its ceiling, like a ring of fire once burned on the floor below. Other than that there are no magic items or doors that the party can find.

End.


