---
title: "Episode 46 - The Fountain Side Story Time And Avoiding The Hot Tub"
date: 2018-12-12T07:24:57-06:00
draft: false
---

After Shazathared introduces herself, Sallah respectfully asks how she could have been trapped here all this time but still telling her stories. She explains that while Jhavhuul was her capture, and while Al-Hazzan (Jhavuul's younger brother was ignoring her she could still tell her stories. But Al-Hazzan has been imprisoned by the Sultan for trying to wish himself an army for a rebellion, and after that an artifact of great power was discovered here by the sultan and a curse was placed upon it. This curse prevents her from getting stories out and also still prevents her from escaping the fountain even though there is now no efreeti watching over her. She doesn't know what the artifact is or anything about the nature of the curse... but the party puts two and two together and guesses that it is the impossible eye. 

They ask what the impossible eye does, to which she says she has never seen it but has heard stories that it is an eye of brass about the size of a hand mirror and was forged of old to grace the grand sultan’s court. This eye could pierce the veils of secrecy, distance, and time with its impossible gaze to bring the the grand sultan tidings from far and wide. On top of this, it had power in the rituals of genie binding to take away all abilities of a trapped genie to sense the world outside their prison.

They ask how to find it or get out of this area of the palace or how to move to the higher floors of the palace. She doesn't know because she has only ever seen this room. 

They ask about Jhavuul, and the tells them his story (see crappy attachment).

She asks them if they have done the ritual yet to link and synergize their templar weapons. The party knows nothing about this. So she leads them through the ritual and everyone's weapons get synergy powers which involves them all standing in a circle and touching weapons and totally doesn’t have any crackers involved.

She also mentions that the curse on the palace has driven some of it’s inhabitance mad. The fire elementals who guarded her prison started worshiping her like a god after the curse fell upon the palace and she has heard from them that Al-Hassan’s major domo, the efreeti who would now be in charge of this palace, has also been driven mad and she senses that he has changed in some way.

She says that the party is welcome to rest under her watchful eye at any time and that she will help them in any way she can. She can cast cure spells and will be able to cast plane shift for them once the curse is lifted.

She identifies all their items and tells them the secret word to activate the carpet.

The party sets watch and sleeps.

Privately, Still and Sallah also talk to her during their turns on watch that night... but you guys don't know that.  

After a good nights sleep, the party heads back to the fire curtain maze to try to find another way out. In doing so they eventually run back into the imp Vassago who led you here through the chain of fire. He jumps to his feet and points an accusatory finger at the party yelling “What the hell did you f’ers do! Undo it now you idiots!”. Still is about to kill him but the others strike up a conversation asking him what the hell he is talking about. He shows the party that every time he uses the eternal flame to enter the chain of fire, he reappears back in this room about 6 seconds later. He claims the PCs must have done something. Eventually, the PCs explain that the palace is cursed and he is stuck here with them. Vassago says there is no way he’s hanging out with you a’holes and he turns to Valin and starts insulting him and his mom regarding their sexual exploits. Valin is about to pull his ax and kill his but the party figures out what he is trying to do and no matter who or what he says they refuse. They walk away leaving him in the room, to which he says “good luck getting through this without me you dumb fers” as they walk off.

A few rooms later they find themselves in front of a giant pool of lava. It flows in from a narrow tunnel and then drains down a large swirling whirlpool of fiery death. In the room there is a brass plinth with a circular divot in the top of it. The divot has ash staining its surface. The face in the brass appears again and says “The secret of the brass ship is in the divine fire that guides it’s way. Light the prow or the waiting post with the flame that cannot be quenched”.  After some discussion of trying to run or fly over the lava which seems like it would still be hot enough to kill them and a lot of inspection of the plinth they eventually realize the key to this puzzle is the ball of eternal flame that Vassago used to get them here. Cursing themselves they head back to find the imp has fled with the ball.

Valin finds his tracks and takes Damacious’s ring of fire protection. Everyone else gets into the sanctuary hole and Valin starts running through flame curtains tracking him. It’s obvious that the imp wants to be followed and is purposely running through the wrong curtains in an attempt to get them killed. Eventually Valin catches up to the imp running with flame ball and he throws an ax in his back killing him. The ball drops to the ground and Valin grabs it. 6 seconds later the imp reappears in the room cursing up a storm and yelling at the ceiling in frustration. Everyone comes out of the hole and finally the imp starts trying to reason with them. He explains that he can help them through this palace or he can hinder them, but he isn’t going to help for nothing. They scoff at his comment and still kills him… a few times. He reasons that he can’t hurt them directly but he could sure make their life harder here what with his invisibility and his fire immunity and his being here before and knowing things. The party finally asks what he wants and he say he want to go in the hole. He has seen them coming in and out of there and assumes riding around in there will be a hell of a lot safer than walking around out here. The PCs reluctantly agree. As they let him in the hole he explains how to work the ship and warns them DO NOT TOUCH THE BRASS CIRCLE AT THE TOP OF THE STAIRS! They ask for details, he says he doesn’t have any accept he knows it will kill you and you should stay clear of it. Then he hops in the bag and does cocaine with boomer.

The PCs put he flame in the plinth, calling a ship woven of living brass rods. It floats down the tunnel and stops in front of them. They board the ship and put the circle of flame in a divot in the front of it and the ship carries them safely down the tunnel and through a roaring waterfall of lava into a room with stairs leading up. As they cross from the barge to the stairs the PCs have to dodge flying bits of lava splashing off the huge waterfall, but they all get there safely. They climb the stairs and walk along a walkway with a big brass circle in the wall to one side and a drop off into the lava on the other. They walk wide of the circle. As they get through they find where the lava is flowing into the palace.

In this large domed chamber, Vassago says there is a secret door in the ceiling. As they sit looking around the brass circle in the wall rushes forward, revealing it itself to be some sort of dog or horse like golum with a cone shaped head. It charges the party.

The golum tramples most of the party for lots of damage. This lets most the PCs get around behind it as they start hacking and blasting it to death. Damacious is left between the golum and a pool of lava. Being a smart man he realizes a bull rush is coming, so he casts levitate and floats out over the lava around the corner. It is hot out there, but his ring is minimizing the damage. The party hacks the thing down with Still getting lots of greater invis sneak damage off (finally!) and Damacious comes back around the corner.

The party spends a few wasted minutes thinking about how they will ever get up to this secret door in the ceiling before a little voice in their head reminds them they have a magic carpet now. Valin yells out the command words “CUM DUMPSTER” And the party uses the 2 man, oddly sticky carpet to shuttle everyone up into what appears to be a garbage chute up into a room full of trash and poop. They search around and then head out.

To the left in the tunnel beyond they find a room with a sphinx statue that has had it’s face smashed. They search around on the statue assuming there must he a button or a hidden door in  it but find nothing so they go back past the trash room and head to the right. Around the corner it appears that a wall of ruble has been constructed to block the tunnel below a turret with a ballista on it. There is a redish lizard man in the turret. Luckily, Still went into the hallway greater invised first. He ducks back and warned the party then just walks up and kills that guy. Once on top of the turret, he sees 3 more guys. The rest of the party comes rushing in as another lizard guy steps up to the turret and is also killed by invisible still. Valin gets past the turret and gets a few swings in as Sallah gets up and fires the ballista… but misses. Still drops another guy and Valin finishes off the last dude.

Meanwhile, the two oracles decide to open a side door and have a little oracle misadventure. It involves lots of “totally not being scared” to open doors and poking around in some dungeon cells and finding another stairway up. They dare each other to go up the stairs without their fighter friends but ultimately turn around and go brag about their braveness and all the sweet stuff they killed (all lies).

The party regroups at the base of the turret and starts searching bodies.

End.