---
title: "Episode 69 (lofol9): The fucking worst doorman ever, peace out east kakalaka"
date: 2022-03-11T07:12:08-06:00
draft: false
---
Once healed up, the party continues down into the pit. They turn the corner and see all the shiny treasure left by the turtle in the back of the cave. As they swim towards it, giant tentacles reach out towards them. It appears a giant squid has taken residence here in the turtle’s absence. Meanwhile, Valin and Sallah appear to have forgotten how to swim and have floated back up to the surface of the water to hang out with the horses.

The party makes quick work of the squid and gathers up the loot. As the squid dies, one of Obherak’s men sticks him head though he rock and asks what’s taking so long. They have run into something odd up here and are waiting for you. The party finds some magic items but shoves them in a bag deciding to figure out what they are later. They swim up a hole in the roof of this cave and find themselves in a tunnel that has only a trickle of water running along the floor. Ahead of them Obherak and his men stand in front of a stone door. They explain that they would have passed through but there appears to be a wall of force blocking their entrance. They have already checked and it appears this wall is a sphere surrounding this entire cavern… and this wasn’t here last time they explored this cave. Stilling in front of the door, outside of the wall of force, is a small brass gong and a striker.

This reminds the party a lot of the trap in the city of iron where Jahvuul had left those Death Tyrants guarding the black crystals. The party buffs up, ready for a fight, and then strikes the gong. Sure enough, the force wall drops in the area around the stone door and the party advances into the next room.

Inside, the swirling water node floats in the center of the room, drawing streams of water toward and away from it in swirls throughout the cavern. Standing in front of the door stand 2 huge golems, and in front of the node is a gargantuan one. The everyone rushes in and starts swinging. There is still no sign of Valin and Sallah, but Obherak and his men appear to be more than capable of holding the front line as the party quickly whittles down on the golems. Suddenly, the gargantuan one in the back disappears, and everyone can hear and the flapping of great wings and feel the air generated from them. Akbar activates true seeing… he yells out to the party that that thing was no golem. Gargantuan red dragon at 3 o’clock, everyone scatter!

Oberhak ignores the warning and calls out to the beast. Apparently they know each other and Obherak talks down to this dragon as if it were no more than Jahvuul’s trusty lap dog. He appears to be surprised that the dragon didn’t leave with his master. The dragon appears to have equal scorn for Oberhak, calling him out as a traitor and explaining that he will be joining Jahvuul in his moment of glory as soon as he dispatches all of you.

Apparently everyone else doesn’t care about Akbar’s warning either. Some party members rush into the area getting closer to everyone as Akbar ducks behind a door. The full front assault drops one of the golems, but leaves everyone but akbar in the path of the dragons fire. It burns hot and hard… almost dropping some of the heros. But Boomer is quick to start getting the channels out and everyone focuses on the second golem as still no one can see the dragon and they know he is flying anyway. Obherak calls out to the party asking someone to make this coward visible so he can strike easier. Boomer steps up with a invis purge, making both the dragon and still visible, as Baleena opens a put under the second golem and takes him out of the fight.

Obherak and his men travel through the stone cliff of the right side of the flying dragon, popping out right next to it. Obherak starts hammering on the beast with his falchion as his men being healing him. Still sees a similar cliff on the left side of the beast, and using his slippers of spider climb he races along the left wall and comes in with a flank to start raining sneak damage form the other side. Akbar is flinging everything he’s got at the dragon as Drex fires arrow after arrow… but apparently there will be no dragon dick on Drex’s neck as he can’t seem to penetrate the dragons thick scales. Balenna makes sure the golem in the pit stays down as it continues to impale itself on the pit spikes and dies.

The next few rounds are an epic fight of massive melee damage being traded back and forth between Obherak and the dragon. The hits are all just massive but the dragon just takes it and Obherak has Boomer plus his own men behind him keeping him healed. Eventually, the dragon is whittled down, and in one final sneaky blow Still drops yet another doorman.

In the aftermath of the battle, Obherak is looking over the dragons body and seems to fixate on the dragons foot. He makes some comment about how the dragon isn’t supposed to have all his toes and hacks one off. Apparently is wasn’t a toe, it was a magic ring that had been transmuted to look like a toe. Obherak looks at it, and it now seems to make sense how the dragon was going to meet up with Jahvuul later. He flips the ring at the party, saying they might need it. It’s a ring of 3 wishes made by Jahvuul, with one wish remaining.

Obherak opens the portal to the plan of water, the party sends for Rayheem and Dilix. Obherak makes amends with his daughter, trying to convince her to stay, but Dilix Mahad is firm in her desire to help kill Jahvuul. Everyone gives one last final fuck you to east kakalaka as they step though to the plane of water and Boomer plane shifts the party back to Rayheem’s villa.

End.

