---
title: "Episode 43 - The Aquisitioning Of Certain Items And The Repercussions Of Dealing With Efreets"
date: 2018-12-12T07:18:11-06:00
draft: false
---

The heroes spend a week resting up at Rayem’s comfortable villa and waiting for magic items to be made and selling newly acquired items from the raid on the one source guild (talk to Eric about the cut). They divvy up their newly acquired funds and items and some go shopping. Damacious spends this time running errands for Rayhem as he continues to research the method for opening the scroll once all the necessary items are acquired.

During this downtime, Rayhem urges everyone to keep a low profile. Sallah invites everyone to come and see him earn his dragon fez at the hall of the whirling dervish. He puts on a lavish dance fight about a battle with a mind controlled Bronze dragon and about how telling her story in saving her soul. He does this while whirling about and dance fighting with his newly acquired templar meteor hammer. It is a spectacular performance and he is honored by the hall master and everyone in attendance has a fantastic time. Of course, this does not fall into Rayhem’s idea of a low profile.

Also during this week of downtime, Rockso the rock merchant shows up at Rayhem’s villa complaining that you all didn’t invite him to this sweet party house. Boomer apologizes to his friend and then they do a lot of cocaaaiiiiinnn. Boomer and Rockso tear the town up and are eventually found riding stolen pigs through the streets with a motley crew of partiers and women of the night.

Rayhem then mentions that he has located a person who may be able to help you get to the plane of fire. However, before meeting her he suggests that perhaps Boomer and Barley should both head to a safe house he knows of with the scroll and the lamp to keep them safe from any additional unwanted attention. He suggests that Sallah goes with them as a guard and Sallah graciously accepts this mission. d Drexel explains that he will at least lead them to the location and then return. The 4 venture off.

The next day Rayhem explains that the contact he has made will meet with the remaining party here at the villa tomorrow evening. He explains that her name is Qualcame Mishalq, and she is an Efreet. She was once in high standing in the city of brass, but has fallen from grace due to an incident involving a war with some Shaitan (earth genie). She is in a unique position to help you get into Bayt Al-Bazan (Javuul’s palace in the city of brass, now owned by his brother Al-Hassan, where the impossible eye was last known to be). And, to our benefit, she is no friend to Al-Hassan as he is partly responsible for her disgrace. The party agrees to meet with her and preps the next morning with some fire resistance spells and items.

Qualcame greets them the next evening, showing all the arrogance and wit befitting of a genie of her standing. She is quite beautiful, despite the horns and the glowing cut across her missing eye, and wears little more than a dark cloak and a princess leia style bikini in white. In conversation with her the party learns she was once Al-Hassan’s lover and knows all the ins and outs of Bayt Al-Bazan. She explains that her falling from grace comes from a failed war that Al-Hassan and her other ally chose to blame on her when the failure was in no way due to her own actions. In any case, she wants to bring disgrace to Al-Hassan so she might exonerate the Mashalq name. She explains that she could easily just plane shift you all to the plane for fire, but the trick with plane shift is that it isn’t very accurate. No doubt you would end up somewhere out on the plane of molten skies and half to walk to the city and then enter though one of the great gates. Your items of note would be immediately recognized by the guards and if the sultan didn’t outright arrest you on the spot some other opportunistic genie would no doubt make sure you never reached Bayt Al-Bazan.

Lucky for you, Qualcame knows a way onto the plane and into the palace that even Al-Hassan himself is unaware of. Of course such useful information and her assistance in getting there comes at a high cost. Genie’s don’t deal in money, they deal in favors. She requires 3 favors from you in order to get her help. 2 now, and 1 once you are inside Bayt Al-Bazan.

You ask about the nature of her knowledge, and her eye glows with mystic energy and seems to glare right past you off into the distance as she gives you an almost poetic response.
“There is a path that few know and fewer would care to tread. A trail of fire, one that links the dimmest candles and bonds star to star. In the night its flames guide our paths, lantern isles traveled by cowards on their timid paths home. But its eternal glow doesn’t stop at their doorsteps nor die with the dawn as the blind suppose. It journeys on and on, into a night where darkness is but an illusion and day is dim as embers.”

The party seems convinced and asks about the favors.

Qualcome explains that the first is an item that was in the possession of the one source merchants guild. She was in negotiations to obtain it, but when Maysan Fajir fled the city she sold it a well-known magic shop to be rid of it quickly. The item in question is a sarcophagus from ancient Osirion, and of course its undying occupant.  It is the sarcophagus of Nubkaura Inyotef VII, taken from the ancient pyramid of the 4 pharos of accession when it last surfaced form the sand. When asked if the contents need to be brought back intact, Qualcame explains that hardly matters, Nubkaura is undying so if he is destroyed he will just reappear inside later. She explains that this magic shop is known as The Eye of the Flame. It is in the nicer inner ward district of the city and it is owned by a fire mephit named Malini. She would go and take the item from the inferior mephit herself, but Malini is a gilded merchant and she doesn’t want to attract undesired attention… so that’s where you come in. She doesn’t care how you go about getting it. Buy it, steal it, kill Malini and burn her shop to the ground (which she hears you excel and you can tell by her smile this is her preferred method). Just get it and bring it back to Rayhem’s for her to retrieve.

It is convenient for you that the sarcophagus was sold to Malini, for her second favor also involved the Mephit. As part of a deal for some items, Qualcame had loaned Malini a contract for control of an quasit familiar. The loan was only temporary and Malini has been hesitant to return the contract. The second favor is that the contract be retrieved.

The third and final favor involves planting some evidence inside Bayt Al-Bazan once you are there. Qualcame will explain this in more detail after the first two tasks are done.

The party agrees and sets off for the Eye of the Flame magic shop that evening.

It is easy to find, and once there the party enters to see a large table covered in various magic items as well as shelf upon shelf of various magical items lining the walls. Behind the table there is a passageway leading to a staircase going to the second floor of the building, and around the room are various glass statues (the party knows that Malini uses glass golems for protection). Malini comes down and starts talking to the party. Valin plays the roll of dumb shopper as Akbar does some detect magic and points out that only the two statues near the stairs seem to radiate magic. Valin steers the conversation toward human burial, claiming he is looking for a way to really protect his remains when he goes… you know like magical urns or coiffins and the like. Still loops around the table and heads toward the stairs. Malini seems confused and explains that maybe Valin should go to a temple, and she tells Still to kindly go back to the front of the table. Valin keeps pushing about how he really needs something spectacular for a corpse. Still ignores her and keeps heading for the stairs. Akbar casts locate object and can see that the sarcophagus is still here and it is in one of the upstairs rooms. Malini explains to still that he must kindly return to the front of the table or he will face consequences. Still runs up the stairs and the glass golems activate.

As the golems activate, Still takes this a provocation and promptly runs up behind Malini and kills her.

The party quickly wipes up the golems as Akbar starts looking around for bags of holding for bodies and Damacious briefly confronts Still on the morality of his decision, looking a little shaken. Akbar explains that mephitis are evil creatures and that she probably got this sarcophagus to do evil things so this is all good. Damacious…. Sees this logic perfectly and helps scoop the body into a bag. The party runs upstairs and quickly finds the sarcophagus. It is quite large and heavy and poorly hidden under a coffee table with a table cloth over it. They tie it shut and carry it out of the room. Akbar locates the contract in a nearby office as Valin opens the other door upstairs to make sure all is clear. There is a Quasit lying on a large bed. He says, “Malini my dear what took you so….. who the hell are you and where is Malini!” Valin jumps on the bed and buries an ax in its face. The quasit is destroyed (which means it returned to its home plane). Valin says “whoops” and shrugs his shoulders.

Akbar reads the contract briefly and he thinks the quasit will come back and they are ok. They rush downstairs and clean up some blood as Akbar locates a teleport scroll. They briefly contemplate stealing a bunch of stuff, but a caution from an all might voice from above tells them that maybe stealing a bunch of high priced magic items from a magic shop would have some serious repercussions, so they don’t do it. Valin does an impressive deadlift of a 750lb sarcophagus and they teleport out. Luckily, Akbar rolls percentages well and they end up exactly where they wanted to be in Rayhem’s villa.

They add an arcane lock and some chains to the sarcophagus and shove it in the tool shed in the back of the manor house. Then they go inside to sleep. Within an hour there is a slamming knock on the door. Looking outside there appears to be a robot man thing in a mundane brown cloak. Akbar identifies it as an inevitable. They open the door and fan out in the room. The inevitable explains it is here to take possession of a vile item that was unlawfully obtained. The item is to be turned over to the kingdom of heaven immediately. The party tries to act dumb and pry into why they want it. The inevitable says that they are obstructing and he will scan for the item immediately….. item located. He ten turns around and starts walking toward the shed.

The party buffs and rushes out to smash through a side window in a bedroom and cut him off. Valin underestimated the strength of the window and merely cracks it as he slams into it. They eventually break it and cut the inevitable off just as it reaches the shed. Damacious throws out an unseen servant. Still attacks with the flank from the servant and we all agree that constructs don’t like the fact that they can take sneak damage in pathfinder. The inevitable opens the door to the shed and suddenly the party remembers that Dr. Zeus is in there! The gorilla attacks but is ineffective. The inevitable swings back at Still, but can’t seem to connect on the wily elf. The party surrounds the robot and slash, stab, lighting the thing to death.

End. (after some time contemplating how quickly and easily the party went for killing and robbing merchants and murdering lawful representatives of the kingdom of heaven…. Meh)
