---
title: "Episode 14 - The Testing of The Deploying"
date: 2018-12-05T06:36:20-06:00
draft: false
---

Bolstered by a new sense of level 5ness the party presses forward. Still, Sallah, and Valin and a wolf that came from nowhere form a front line on the stairs facing off against the last visible gnoll captain, a fliend, a gnoll berserker, and 2 moop gnolls. They slash, spin and stab their way through the captain pretty quick, but the barbarian manages to land a crit on Valin… which Valin returns in kind taking him out as well. Akbar comes up the steps and starts zapping dudes with lightning and down below Drexel mops up the bugbears on the lower level and forms a rear line with a cheetah that just decided to join the party. Boomer drops back and throws out some healing. The fliend and moops upstairs step is and swing away to little effect and are quickly zap, slash, stab, hammered to death. Drexel wraps up the two gnolls downstairs with a bow (see what I did there) and the party takes a second to reposition and heal again from boomer before heading out in different directions to pincher move the 8 archers waiting on the balcony on lvl 2. 
 
Valin, Drexel, wolf, and cheetah decide to rush acrosst he stage on the lower level and come up the stairs behind the archers as Still and Sallah charge in from either side above. Akbar and Boomer are to slow to keep up and are keen to get to the door that leads to the third lvl stairs so they head that way. The 8 archers are largely ineffective, but they manage to get a few lucky shots off before they are all bleeding on the ground. Drexel goes to find his cousin in the first level cells. He calls still over to open the lock. Still gives Angala his curved blade and she joins them at the door to the third level, infoming them to mind the stage below because Kardswain loves to hand out invisible and flying on the third floor to shoot people who cross the stage. 
 
Just then, the sand lions, Almah, Garavel, Father Zastoran, and Nobody come through the door and close and bar it. They say the 3 jaw clan helped to kill off the gnolls of the city but then quickly turned on them (which surprises no one). The party warns them to stay clear of the stage and asks for the help of Cubby, Garavel, and Father Zastoran upstairs. Those 3 join them and still starts yelling at the door about how he is going to murder him some Fliend Captain. A gnoll voice responds, urging him to throw open the door and try it. Boomer blesses the party. Valin kicks the door open and is immediately smashed in the face with Ugruk the Fliend Captain’s fliend bar. It hurts a bit. 2 berserkers swing and miss at him as well. Behind these 3 are 2 archers behind a turned up table with a staircase behind them. 
 
Sallah smacks the fliend captain, but fails to trip her. The party tells Cubby to burn her, and he does for quite a bit of damage. She is then stabbed and slashed by Still and she dies. Some arrows fly from Drexel and take out an archer. Zastoran heals and then Akbar steps into the room to lay out a burning hands. As he does, Kardswain appears on the staircase and shoots him. It hurts. He tries to make Kardswain drop his bow. It fails. The melee fighters swarm around the barbarians and make quick work of them. Cubby burns Kardswian, Zasteran does more healing.  Boomer gets prayer off. People start jumping the table as Kardswain goes invis and retreats up the stairs. Garavel and Angala drop the last archer and everyone chases after Karswain. Garavel and Akbar have some table jumping issues and we all laugh at them. 
 
Up on the third level, Kardswain is still invis. The party is having problems locating him, swinging at random squares. The wolf is called up to sniff him out as everyone gets to the throne balcony. Drexel mananges to guess right and plugs the invisible Djann!! He responds by appearing, now large size and floating over the stage, and plugging 3 arrows at the party…. THEY ALL MISS!!!  Cubby fireballs him, Valin draws a bow. Sallah can just barely reach him and takes a swing. Akbar burns him. Then Drexel plugs him with 2 more arrows and he dies!!!
 
The party rejoices for a second then runs around and grabs loot and meets the rest of the NPCs at the barred door. 
 
The battle with the 3 jaw Gnolls is successful. No NPCs die. The party no holds Kelmarene (this was skipped with just singe die rolls to see if NPCs lived or died)


