---
title: "Episode 56"
date: 2021-08-26T18:56:16-06:00
draft: false
---

After their fight with the yuanti (I yuanti!) the party takes a smoke break. While standing around Barley Stormhands teleports onto the scene, bringing with his a very distraught and somewhat manly sounding Baleena appear on the scene. Immediately Baleena starts grilling the part on what exactly THE FUCK is going on here. She wants answers as to who that Efreeti was, who that Djinni was, and where THE FUCK her mentor radio Rayheem is. The party fills her in on the whole story but unfortunately has no clue what happened to Rayheem.

Apparently, Barley and Baleena landed at a different waypoint, but one described as very similar to the one the rest of the party landed at. Nice gazebo, basins for weapons, armor, food and drink, but an extreme lack of mechanical tortoisi. Barley and her eventually scryed you all out and come to find you. They scryed Rayheem too… and he looked to be in a comfortable residence enjoying a feast and you all looked like you were in a fight so they came here first.

The party explains the entire plot of this campaign and the fact that this hunt is supposed to lead them to some people who apparently hold some power in this place. Rayheem seemed ok so Barley and Baleena decide to tag along on this hunt, for now. Everyone takes a nap and they continue through the jungle on the trail of the golden beast.

Eventually the trail leads to another beach. It is obvious the beast crossed this narrow stretch of ocean to another island on the other side. Boomer says they should all quit and just do a bunch of cocaine, but decides to instead help Barley hit peeps up with fly and/or water walk and the party continues on its marry way. As they cross the ocean channel, a very rickety looking “pirate ship” takes off from the other shore. More of a hand made raft with a sail really. On it are 3 gnolls who look exactly like what you expect pirate gnolls to look like… except as they draw closer you notice these gnolls are… different. One appears to have gills. The second has 4 arms, and the 3rd has an elephant trunk attached to its crotch. Gilly starts calling storms and 4 arms pulls out 2 longbows. Big D just licks his ax and looks excited.

As the party moves to engage, 4 arms lets loose a storm of arrows and decimates Still in one round. This is not going according to plan. The party fires back but their range is so far the 1st round damage is minimal as the fighters move to engage and d!ckneck is apparently intimidated by this 4 armed monster and does some uncharacteristic missing. 4 arms responds by dropping d!ckneck like a little bitch. Barley, Baleena and Akbar loose spells and manage to do good damage to the caster, who jumps below the surface of the water. The raft continues to move closer… but there is no wind in the sales. That’s when the party spots the seacats pushing the raft along and bringing big D ever closer.

After a couple rounds of getting schooled, the party finally kicks it into gear. Boomer shoves a hypodermic needle into d!cknecks heart and pumps him full of breath of life. Valin and Sallah close ranks on the raft and just obliterate 4 arms. The casters, unable to find gilly, open up on big D and a now awakened and pump’t dickneck adds a huge swinging elephant trunk to his collection. Sea cats suddenly take to the air! And although it looks pretty rad, it is no real threat. Within a few seconds the fight is over.

Boomer realizes that his magic items are working, he just forgot, and he raises Still from the dead. The part heals up and moves on… but Akbar decides he want to go snorkeling to be sure there are no more seacat and stays behind (and welcomes baby Thomas Seacat Voyles to the world!!!).

AS the party moves on the trail of the beast leads to a cave. Before they get to close a massive beast comes charging out. Sure enough, it’s the Tarrasque. Not a Tarrasque… THE TARRASQUE. Baleena explains that this is a child of Rovagug, and is a near god like being that exists to destroy the world. But, she also tells the party that lightning is about the only thing its not immune to and that you need magic weapons to get through DR. Good thing Boomer came prepared. Magic weapon goes off on Valin and Sallah and the party closes the distance to the beast.

After round 1, it becomes very evident that going toe to toe with this thing is hazardous for your health. Drexel’s non-magic arrows are basically worthless. Its SR proves very challenging. Even sneak attacks from Still are greatly hampered by the DR. Valin is able to dish some real damage thanks to the magic weapon spell… but he is almost 1 rounded. Boomer has his hands full keeping people alive and Baleena realizes the SR is probably to big for her to manage. Drex, Baleena, and Barley hatch a plan that there must be some secret in the cave that the monster is hiding. They spend the next few rounds rushing into he cave to see. Meanwhile, Still gets eaten.

The cave is a fools errand. Valin keeps dishing it out while boomer keeps him on his feet… but it is a loosing battle. Eventually Valin is also eaten. Boomer keeps him a round for a second with a blast heal while he sees Valin moving in the belly, but eventually that movement stops and Sallah quickly follows Valin down the belly. One by one, the party becomes the gold fish snacks of a hungry hungry demi-god beast. Barley manages to eventually slow him down with a spell, and gets some good lightning hits in… but after afew rounds he is the only one left. Invisible and zig zag pattern lightning bolt spraying keeps things looking ok for a second… then the tarresque introduces Mr Stormhands to his little friends, aka tail spikes that he can throw pretty damn far. Barley’s indivisible body this the ground and is gobbled up.

As the last party member gets devoured, everyone comes to realize that being eaten by the tarresque must evoke some contingency spells. All eaten party members appear back in the gazebo on the beach. They have 1 hp and are otherwise fine. Someone even managed to grab a glowing object from inside the beasts belly before he was teleported. It turns out to be a gold coin, exactly like the one Boomer has, that allows ones magic items to work. The party rests on the beach sipping mai tais and debating who should get the coins for the next attempt at the beast.

END