---
title: "Episode 33 - The Haunting Of The Temple Of The Sun And The Sand Vamp Stamp"
date: 2018-12-12T06:43:22-06:00
draft: false
---

The party stuck with the plan to head to the temple in front of them, as the party approached the temple they crossed some sort of threshold and the sun went black as if eclipsed, casting a strange grey light over everything. Sallah and Akbar decide to hold back and keep water ghouls at bay while the rest of the party clears the temple. As they approach, the party sees that the temple has been flooded, and the pillars on the south side are partially submerged. The water on the temple floor is only a few inches deep so they slash ahead.

Inside the temple the party heard an eerie chanting. Suddenly, ghostly worshipers appeared. They looked to be sitting on non-existent pews chanting the evening prayers to sarenrae. It was a bit creepy, but no one got scared and they didn’t appear hostile. The inside of the temple appears completely burned out. There is an exit to the roof high above, but no ladders or upper floors. There is an opening for a door to exit the temple to the east and west (the party entered from the south), but the doors are burned out and gone too. A stone alter sits on the northern wall of the temple. The party ignored the ghosts as Still made his way up to the alter to loot… I mean check it for clues.

As Still approached the alter, Valin and Zaus also moved up. Suddenly, a ghostly priestess appears behind the alter. She appears to be related to dwarves, but definitely not fully dwarf. She wears the robes of a priestess of sarenrae and appears to be addressing the ghostly worshipers. She then tunrs and begins babbling incoherently at still in a threatening manner.

Still attacks. He gets some good damage in but his weapons are not fully effective against her incorporeal form. Vain steps up and has the same issue. Drex fires some arrows, but again the damage is minimal. Boomer steps up to the task and channels, dealing a good chunk of damage. Suddenly, a huge two headed troll zombie stands up from the water in the corner of the room and starts Shambling toward the party. Barley starts his magic missile assault on the ghost. The ghost turns toward those who are in front of her and lets out a horrific wale. Still, Valin and Zaus all drop their weapons and turn tail to run!

Boomer retreats away from the troll and keeps his channeling going. Storm hands continues his assault on the ghost as Dex shifts his arrow attention to the troll. The troll shambles forward and swings at boomer… it hurts. The ghost tries to put a spell on Barley, but he shakes it off. Between Barley and Boomer they keep up enough pressure to put the ghost in her place. With the ghost down, Valin and Zaus charge back in on the troll as Still creeps around and finds all his weapons in the water. The troll dies in a hail of arrows, ax swings, and a bit of fire.

Still goes over to loot the troll, when suddenly his giant hands animate all evil dead like and start clawing at Still’s feat. He makes quick work of the first hand with his blades and the rest of the party stomps out the second one just as quick. Drex contemplates putting a giant rotting middle finger on his necklace, I don’t remember the decision on that. Then the troll stands back up, now with no arms, due to its fast heals. After a bit of a shock, he gets stomped back down and still chops him up into little pieces as boomer realizes that he has to hit it with positive energy in the same round that it is killed to keep it dead.

Finally convinced everything is ok, the party starts looting. Fishing around under the water behind the alter, Still feels something slick and gooey smeared all over the fool there. He pulls his hand back quickly, fearing poison, but finds it is covered in blood. The floor is somehow bleeding. The pokes around with a dagger there and finds some loose stones. He blindly pulls those up and feeling around beneath them he finds a bastard sword that was concealed under the stones. It has a golden hilt with the symbol of sarenrae on it and radiates magic, but no one can identify it.

The party heads up to the roof to check things out. Up top they see the black hole sun is just now setting on the horizon. They try to take a quick nap up on the roof, but just after sunset a bunch of gross red centipedes start swarming up the east side of the temple. Barley launches a fire ball all over them and everyone starts finding alchemists fires and acid flasks to chuck at them. Then, the centipedes coalesces into 4 human looking figures shrouded in dusty cloaks just as Sallah and Akbar come charging up the side of the temple. “Leave this place. You do not belong here. It is ruled by the dead and the dead keep it” says one of the dusty cloaked dudes. Seeing his mouth, it is obvious he is a vampire. The party realizes all 4 of these dudes are vampires, then Sallah and Akbar attack the party.

Akbar burns boomer a bit, and Sallah unsuccessfully tries to trip Valin. Still moves out to get a flank on one of the vamps and gives him a good poking, but not all of it goes through. Barley lights them all up again Valin backs him up with a solid swing (again, not full damage).  Boomer activates magic circle against evil, freeing Akbar and Sallah from mind control. He tells everyone to get close and informs the party that only wooden piercing weapons will do full damage, everyone turns to d!ckneck and he smiles and opens fire. The vamp that still had stuck turns back into a pile of centipedes. Two vamps attack boomer, but they do minimal harm. The other two attempts to dominate still and barley. Still shakes it off, but Barley is dominated. Barley throws scorching rays at boomer, but manages to miss with one somehow. Boomer channels, hurting the vamps. The rest of the party lays a bunch of hurt down and dickneck cleans up what’s left. Just as the battle is ending, the ghost priest reappears and comes up through the roof of the temple. Boomer says he doesn’t think she will follow if you leave the temple, so the party chases after the vamps in centipede form hoping to find some coffins.

The centipedes run down the temple and crawl into the lake. The party decides not to follow and instead stop to inspect the east side of the temple. There is a big brass symbol of sarenrae hanging between two pillars there. The side facing the temple appears normal, but the side facing the lake has a strange black cloud floating over it. Barley uses a gust of wind to blow the cloud away. The brass symbol appears normal for a second, then the cloud reforms. Somehow, even though it is now night (I forgot) the party gets the sense that while the cloud was gone the sun was shining normally for a brief second.
The party debates heading out of the dark zone and resting or chasing after centipede vamps….
END.

