---
title: "Episode 65: Eyes Don't Know About This Saving Finale, Suiting up Montage and Packing a Golden Bowl"
date: 2022-02-03T07:03:54-06:00
draft: false
---

As the force wall rises, Boomer, Sallah, Akbar and Still find themselves locked in with the Death Tyrant. The rest of the crew is trapped on the outside and has no way to penetrate the wall. Valin arrives on the scene, sensing his brother is in danger. Sallah gets the jump on the thing and starts his battle dance and moves into position. Balleena, trapped on the outside, examines the wall and can’t find any way through. Still goes invis and rushes the creature, sticking it for some solid damage.

The creature turns eyes on Still, a green ray shoots out unerringly at his invisible form. Still fights against the magic, but it is too strong, he feels his body start to turn to dust. But wait… what is Sallah doing… I thought maybe he did something.

Akbar slings some spells and Valin, in frustration, swings his ax at the wall. He accidentally hits the bell and realizes it opens a passageway through the force wall at the ally way. He rushes toward it and up to the creature. The creatures rear eyes turn to Sallah… but oh wait, Sallah’s dance ends in a flourish and at the last second Still is able to hold it together and the green light dissipates. 3 rays fire out at the dancing Sallah but he is like Teflon with extremely high save modifiers and he dodges and resist. Boomer throws some buffs and backs out of the death zone.

Drex takes a guarded stance at the new opening and fires a few arrows, but apparently the force wall is messing with is aim. Baleena stays back and works some magics through the hole as well. Sallah begins his dance again and buffs himself. Still throws himself at the creature stabbing and stabbing and stabbing, the creature responds with yet another disintegration ray that breaks through, and again Stills body begins to crumble to dust… and again with a beautiful spin that brings tears to the eye he gains steely resolve from the flourish of the dervish and holds it together! Valin closes the gap and goes full force at the beast. Drex’s arrows begin to strike home and Akbar manages to blind the beast with a clutch holy smite!

The creature is reeling now. Quick heals are thrown. Rays are flying everywhere but he blindness is making it hard to hit. When he does, the toughness of this party comes through and everything is resisted. The next few rounds go much like the last with blades, arrows, meteor hammers, and spells flying. The creature remains blind and can not stand against the assault. A final blow cracks the skull in 2 and the pieces fall back down into the well. As it does, the wall of force dissipates.

Quickly the party heals up and grabs up the crystals and heals. They briefly contemplate dropping down the well to look for loot, but a quick glance down there reveals 100s of eyes for who knows how many more death tryants. Those who aren’t already flying quickly jump on the cum dumpster that has been balled up and nearly forgotten in Valin’s pack and they dance upon the colored wind back to Norrin’s forge.

At the forge, Norrin explains that he was bluffing a bit before. The weapon he was making for Andrathi is already complete. He presents the ax Zenzarid to Valin, telling him that he must vow to take the ax to Nefeshti and allow her to choose who is worthy to wield it. For the rest of the party, he agrees to help but he can’t in good conscious give you weapons that may be turned against other, perhaps more innocent people after Jahvuul is dead. So he agrees to make 6 single use items. He calls them the Flasks of the Ebon Flame. He explains what they can do and says he needs a week to finish them. He also allows the group to suit up with magic armor and weapons as they see fit from his armory. The gear up montage begins as everyone suits up.

The party decides to go talk with the earth genies and come back to get the Flasks later. They leave on their cum dumpster and fly back to the Luciferno. Capt. Riddle and crew takes them to Khandelwal, and explain how to get to the golden bowl and climb the ropes of sand to the top of the mesa that holds it. The party just flys/rides their cum dumpster straight up in that bowl and pack it tight.

At the golden bowl they find the front door guarded by a few gynophinx and some gargoyles. Still thinks for a second they look like doormen, but he holds his blade. They talk to the sphinx about the situation and she goes inside to get Iqilma, who is Obherak’s majordomo. Sallah leads the sweet talk and even though this earth genie is a real B she agrees to get Obkerak. He comes out with his body guards and they have a chat. Eventually he agrees that he will go with you to the water node and wish you out of here so that you can kill Jahvuul…. BUUUUT only if you kill the creaters for him. There is more mumbling of quests and the party agrees and heads out. They then remember they don’t know how to get back from the isle of Not, so they knock on the door and ask Iqilma for help with that. She talks them down like they are a bunch of noobs, because she is a b, and eventually gives them a scroll of teleport that will get exact 3 of them back from there. She sarcastically wishes them luck and slams the door.

End.  