---
title: "Episode 18 - The Crunching of the Bone Golem and the Hidden Halls of Hammer Falls."
date: 2018-12-05T12:28:57-06:00
draft: false
---

Having just killed the kobold king, Boomer does a bit of healing as Barley turns on the detest magic to find all the hidden good stuff. He sees the kobold kigs blue crystal eye and his ax are magic. He sees the dead priest has 2 magic bobbles in his pouch, a bunch of scrolls, and magic armor on, and he sees there is a magic item inside yet unopened Azlanti coral sarcophagus that the kobold king was sitting on. He decides to start identifying things and reaches down to pick up the kobold kings eye. As soon as he touches it, a voice in his head says “I live” and all the bones in the room start to slide and clatter to the center of a room and form up into a large kobold skeleton Voltron like creature. It immediately turns to Barley and yells “MINE!” and smacks Barley. 

The party forms up around the beast. Still goes invis then takes a stab that should have skewered a liver or at least snapped a vertebrae… but his sword does minimal damage as he realizes the bone creature has no discernable anatomy and damage reduction. Sallah backs up and reviews the creature before him. He tells the crew that it is a bone golumn. Immune to crits and sneaks, immune to all magic, and able to throw bones at people that form into a cage around the person that then shrinks in size and slowly crushes them. He also points out that healing magic will work as a slow effect on it and it has DR 5/ adamantine and bludgeoning. Suck all around. He tries to trip it and realizes it has a big CMB to boot. Valin steps up and proves that it isn’t immune to heavy two handed axe swing to the face for lots of damage. Boomer channels, healing everyone and slowing the golem! Barley backs away and makes an educated guess that the gem in his hand may be a phylactery. Arrows fly from Drex, but this is deffinetly not his battle. 

The creature continues to yell “MINE!” and it moves closer to Barley then throws a bone cage around Valin. Still keeps the pressure on with the minimal sword damage he can inflict, and Sallah again tries unsuccessfully to trip. Boomer gets a bless going and moves up to help with the aids. Valin manages to squeeze through the bars of the bone cage and get free while Barley runs across the room and puts  shocking grasp into the phylactery, putting some good damage on it. The bone golem takes a step towards Barley and tosses a bone cage. He amazingly misses and the bones shatter harmlessly on the wall. More arrows come from Drex, who maybe does a few points of damage. 

Still continues to pound this thing with his swords and keeps cursing the fact that he is getting in a ton of crits and solid flank attacks on something that is immune to them. His agile sword still manages to get through for a bit of damage though. Some repositioning happens and the bone golem smacks Sallah with an AOO. Sallah and Valin respond by laying down a bunch of hurt with aids from Boomer and Biter (Valin’s wolf). Barley blasts the phylactery with more electricity, and the Golem tosses another cage at him, this time connecting and locking the little man up. Drex again fires arrows, but both go wide. 

The onslaught of swords, chain, and aided ax continue. The golem has taken a massive beating but it still fights on.  With the cage in place on Barley, it allows the crushing to happen and turns it’s attention to Valin, who ducks under the massive fist. Barley feels the squeeze, but tries to concentrate through it to blast the phylactery some more… but the pain is to great and he loses the spell. Drex plugs more arrows that continue to plink off the bones. He contemplates moving in with the curved blade, but does some quick math and decides against it. More smacking and poking comes in, but the creature just won’t drop. Boomer heals to get Barley some love and re-slow the creature. Barley again feels the crunch and Valin gets a face smacking. Barley again concentrates through the pain, and this time he manages to zap the stone again. It shatters in his hand. The party looks up at the golem expectantly, but the creature lumbers on. They have to finish it the old fashioned way. More stabbing, more chaining, more axing with aids. The thing just won’t drop! Drex fires arrows again… but this time his arrow bites into a vertebrae and the whole creature collapses to the ground in a pile of bones and dust!!!

The party heals up and inspects the rest of the magic gear. They can’t seem to identify the leather or the strange stone with anzanti writing on it that the cleric had, but everything else is catalogued and stored. Most notably, Boomer gets a lvl 2 pearl of power. The sarcophagus is looted. Inside is the body of the head Azlanti astronomer. A stone tablet identifies him as “Zelfin Cova”. They go back to the previous room and loot some gauntlets of bone breaking off the mumotaur. They also find a sarcophagus of a warrior in that room that has a +1 undead bane longsword on him. After that, they head back up top  and step back out into the sunshine. They flinch briefly as a shadow flies overhead, thinking the undead dragon is back… but its just a crow. They head back to Kelmarene to report to Almah and let her know that they will high tail it into the hills to the house of the beast. The party all agrees that they need to get this scroll before the Templar finds someone else to get under the throne of bone and carapace and get the scroll for him.

Back home they speak with Almah and her new major domo Radi Hamdi. At first they sinply tell them that the Carrion King needs to be put down before he can launch another attack on Kelmarene, so they plan on marching up white stone canyon and killing him. Radi Hamdi is skeptical. He thinks they should stay to protect the town, at least until more troops can be brought up from the Pact masters. If there is truly a larger army of gnolls coming, perhaps the pact masters could be convinced to send aid. The party basically says f that to his plan. Sallah lays out the new way it is. The party isn’t going to sit around in town and keep everyone safe. The pact master guards and this Zadeem guy can do that. The party is on a greater mission, and they will help the town out when they can and help raise moral of the locals by being awesome, but they aren’t here to take orders or sit around. He explains that the someone in the house of the beast is trying to get a hold of a scroll there that is some way related to the reawakening of Zotani the Fire bleeder. He explains to Almah and Radi Hamdi that although they want nothing but the best for the town, the fate of the world is at stake here and they have to go now. 

Radi Hamdi is still skeptical of their plan. Marching up white stone canyon, that is supposedly guarded by who knows how many gnolls, and basically announcing yourself to the Carrion King seems to him like a suicide mission that will also lead to swifter and harsher retribution on the town. There must be a better way. Still and Drex take offence to this. They are not afraid of gnolls. Let the carrion king bring a thousand gnolls to bear, they will personally gut every one of them. At some time around this point someone also brings up the contract about the ears. Radi Hamdi quickly explains he has reviewed that contract, and it applied to the clearing out of Kelmarene only and is now fulfilled. In any case, he also points out that you agreed with Almah to be this towns protectors and a fee for that was already agreed to as well. At this point, the party is frustraited but can see some logic in Radi Hamdi’s suggestion that there might be a better way. The only local they know is Garundal the merchant… so they  tell Hamdi and Almah that they will talk again in the morning and they head to their crib to talk things over. Options are discussed, and Sallah complains again that they have no name. Some party pump and pep talk is done and it is decided that they will go talk to Gorundal. At this point Rockso has shown up and he sneaks in to the group huddle and is like yeah!!! Lets do some c-c-c-ocaine! A joke is made about them all being Rockso's rascals or some such thing and they head to the bar to get Gorundal drunk. 

In talking with Garundal, he explains that he can tell you where some of the watch outposts in the canyon are, and that maybe with some stealth you could get up the canyon. But, he is a merchant by trade and information is also a trade good. He wants cash. More drinking and bargaining is done, and Still produces the ruby he found in the calendar wheel at the fort. Garundal is very interested. “Where di you get this?” he asks eagerly. When they say they were at the old fort when they found it he asks if they found any other gems, perhaps a blue one with runes on it??? The party gets suspicious and starts looking at eachother. Still speaks up… “Maybe we did, what’s it worth”. Garundal explains that for the ruby he will tell you where the last known watch posts were, but if you have this blue gem… for that he can tell you a secret way to the house of the beast. An underground passage that would get your there undetected by the Carrion kings forces. He explains the way is dangerous, as is the canyon way, but with the underground way you could get within a day’s walk of the house of the beast without being seen. 

Not knowing what the blue gem is yet, they tell Garundal they will think about it and run off to have Father Zastoran identify the gem for them. He tells them it’s an Azlanti sealstone.  Azlant researchers used it when studying tombs to increase their comprehension (+4 to knowledge checks made while reading books). On top of that, it works as a key for certain Azlanti doors and wards. Well, the party certainly doesn’t want to give that up. Zastoran tells them on the open market, it might be worth about 10k. This is about the same value as the golden spy glass they found in the tomb.  

They go back to Gorundal and they explain that they can’t trade the gem, but in its place they offer the spy glass of Zelfin Cova, head astronomer of the ancient Azlanti Observatory. Gorundal looks disappointed, but after looking over the glass and some convincing by Still, he agrees. He explains to the party how to reach the yawning portal at Hammer Falls. This is the secret enterance to the halls of the Hammerfall Dwarves, which has long been abandond by the dwarves. It is not empty though. There is a creature who lives there that calls himself Two-Edge. Two-Edge, whatever he is, and his clan have been creafting items at the forges in Hammer Falls. He has never seen this creature, he is slightly mad and talks in rhyme through the yawning portal and he trades good by having items left at the gate and in return leaving other items. He is fair, although a bit mad. 

He explains that he has good relations with this creature, and has been in the halls. If you were to mention his name you could perhaps make a deal with Two-Edge for safe passage through his realm. Deep below the hammerfall holds there is an old mining passage that goes up into the mountians. This connects with the old mines at Silver Tarn (a spot Still had mentioned looting anyway). If you could get through the passage you could come up through silver tarn and find yourself less than a days march from the gates of the house of the beast. 

The party thanks Gorundal for his info, rests up for the night and preps for underground travel. They tell Almah of the plan and head out, instructing Radi Hamdi that the pact masters should definitely be contacted to send aid. It is a 3 day trek to the falls. ON the way they encounter the tracks of some chupacabra, but move past them and then encounter some blink dogs in the night. Luckily Sallah explains that they aren’t evil creatures and Boomer can speak with them. The dogs and hunting the chupacabra and the party mentions where they saw the tracks. They ask the dogs about hammerfalls, and the dogs explain that two-edge is some sort of fey, related to the Derro in some way. The paryt thanks them for the info and wishes them well.

The rest of the travels pass without issue, and the party reaches the yawning portal.  Two-edge talks with them through the mouth of the door.  Boomer negotiates with two-edge with some awesome on the spot rhyming of his own,. A deal is reached… 

“With two edge you wish to trade, very well a deal is made. Rid our storerooms of the jinks, and rid us of the beast that stinks. Do this and it will  take no time for two edge to lead your way with rhyme. But betray me or my hearth or kin and ample trouble you are in.”
The door opens and the party finds themselves at a dangerous looking rope bridge.  Two-edge still can’t be seen, but his voice comes from the corner of the room… 

“Across the bridge you shale not dread, if in perfect time you tread, 1 2 3 4 then 8 9 10 less you go for a ride again.”

Sallah tries to just walk across. On the second step a bunch of cross bow bolts shoot out at him from the far wall. He rushes forward onto the third step, and gets more bolts, then jumps the rest of the gap to the other side. Still just backs up and makes to jump the gap then rushes forward and appears on the other side magically. Valin uses the same tactic Sallah did, taking a few rounds of bolts but clearing the gap. This leaves Drex, Barley, and Boomer to cross. Valin gets an idea, and he tells the rest of the crew to walk across in a line, the second person stepping on the first step as the first person steps on the second step and so on… but still jump over the middle 3. Drex leads the way, with barley behind him followed by boomer. It appears to work. Drex and Barley clear the middle steps without issue. But as Boomer jumps the gap he reminds the party how much he sucks at jumping, and he misses it by a mile. He lands one step forward and the step spins under his foot and he drops. He tries to grab the rope as he falls, but he misses. He splashes into the churning water below and beings to be carried toward a cave with no room for air. He tries to concentrate and cast fly on himself… luck is not with boomer this evening. The party does nothing and watches dumbfounded as he is sucked into the tunnel. 

The party guesses that Boomer hit the water about 60 ft down due to his eternal flame. He was then swept away into an underground river. When it happens, two edge let's out a little chuckle and makes some rhyme about the gnome going for a ride. You quickly demand he tells you where the river goes, and he tells you that your friend who went down for a ride will end up in the pool outside. You assume that means the pool at the base of Hammer falls. 

End. 

Notable treasure: +2 adamantine battle axe (11,000), +1 undead bane longsword (8300), the azlanti seal stone (10,000), the golden looking glass (traded for info) (8k), magic white leather armor(575), 3 scrolls of animate dead )lvl3), 2 scrolls of inflict moderate wounds (lvl2), 1 scroll of bestow curse (lvl 3), Pearl of power lvl 2 (9000), gauntlets of bone breaking (6k)+450gp. 

