---
title: "Episode 41 - The Killing Of A Jackel And A Disapointing Finding Of Heleen"
date: 2018-12-12T07:15:50-06:00
draft: false
---

After killing the fishy beholder the party takes some time to nervously walk across the bridge in his lake. Sallah and Barley decide its best someone watches the entrance to ensure no fish men run off or sneak up on the party.

Still runs across the water and checks the door for traps, it seems ok. He unlocks it and opens it to reveal a rectangular room with 3 other exits. A fine rug sits in the center of the room and 4 statues of jackel headed humanoids stare toward the center of the room. There is some worry that the statue will come to life and a bit of buffing is done. The room seems safe so Valin walks in. Suddenly, the mouths of the 4 statues open and start howling… some arcana analysis tells the party the stone of alarm spell has been activated.

Still looks around for a shut off switch. Valin runs over to the left and pulls out his ax, ready to chop off a statue head. Akbar and Drex remain in the bridge room, Akbar yelling to some imaginary creature named Alexa about what he would like to do next. Damacious goes right and opens the door there, father Jackel stands on the other side with a cleric wearing evil looking armor standing right beside him.

After a brief lecture from the party to Damacious about the finer points of letting the barbarian open the doors, Still jumps forward and jabs Father Jackel in his spleen then goes invis. Without another target, Father Jackel goes to town on Damacious’s face with his claws. He calls back to his cleric friend, telling him that the deal has been broken and now the party must pay the Jackel’s price. He instructs the cleric to go kill Rayhem. Valin steps up and starts smacking the crap out of the Jackel and Drex goes all D!ck neck on him, filling with evil outside bane shafts of pain. The cleric gives himself and Father Jackel the ferv, then starts walking down the hallway. Akbar counters with his own ferv and then Still teleports in behind the cleric to block his path and takes a swing. The round continue, with Father Jackel putting damacious on the ground quickly but Valin and Drex put him down just as fast. Akbar is there with the timely heals and although Still was almost held by the Cleric, the freedom of movement spell that is still on him from Damacious saves him. The battle ends quickly and the party gets to looting as a drow cleric, a small crazy looking old woman and Heleen step in from the adjoining room.

Valin is all happy to see Heleen, but apparently she is a bit mad at the brothers. The loss of all her family and friends while she was off following Akbar through the desert still weights heavy on her shoulders and she is bitter. Her fiend, named Aleeca, explains that Heleen now works for her and is the face of their little operation. The sunset ship is under her command and has a mission to find all the most evil artifacts of the world and remove them. Jackel, although horribly evil in his ways, was very effective at acquiring items for them and his services will be hard to replace. But they will make due. Alleca claims that she had grown tired of the Jackel and was going to command this rough seed in the next room to kill him after she tricked the Jackel into feeding it her little vile of pink liquid. She says that this baby spawn of your god rovagug, whom she calls cthulu, needs to be delt with and by feeding it this liquid it will go crazy at which point she can control it. She asks if you will deliver the liquid into the creature now that you have killed the jackel, and the party agrees… but only if she helps get the Rayheem out of here. She agrees and tells the party that Rayheem is in a cell past the double doors and then through the door on the right.

The party rushes in and finds Rayheem in a small cage. They let him out and bring him back to consciousness. He explains that he has no idea what happened. He was studying book and then suddenly he was paralyzed and then he blacked out and woke up just now. Unfortunatly he had used his daily spells in his research and doesn’t have his spell book on him so he will be of no use. Aleeca says she will teleport him out of here and her and her party will meet you guys back at his villa when you are done here. She touches Rayheem, Heleen, and this drow cleric with her and they disappear.

The party heals up and heads into the next room, which appears to be a big dark cavern. There are squishing noises coming from the left and what appears to be a giant spider statue with glowing eyes off to the right. Still sneaks ahead and then some light is thrown on the situation. The squiching sound is coming from a green goo filled side chamber, out of which walks a huge brass dragon with a gross octopus like thing attached to its head. The dragon is being controlled and the octopus thing is eating its brain. The head of the octopus is a green gelatinous ball will a one eyed skull inside. It screems at the party and the dragon advances.

At the same time, there is the sound of strange chanting coming from the spider sculpture. There is a flash of light and a giant demon spider (aka a bebolith) appears and also rushes toward the party.

Everyone moves ahead toward the dragon, except for Drex who really likes shooting evil outsiders so he stays behind so he can get a full round of shots on the bebolith. His bow strikes hard and fast in d!ckneck fashion, but the spider is tough. It pounces on Drex and bites hard. Drex feels poison corsing through his veins and sapping his constitution quickly. Meanwhile, everyone else gets the ferv Still takes some stabs at the dragon but finds its scales pretty tough to penetrate. The dragon breaths fire and it hurts a lot of people real bad. Then it burrows into the ground.  Valin starts to back peddle and heal himself, thinking that maybe he will help Drex with that spider instead. Damacious starts channeling like crazy. The dragon comes back up and takes a hard swipe at Valin. Alexa, I mean Akbar, tries to scramble some brains but fails. Still preps actions, realizing that getting this potion into the goo is going to be quicker then killing this dragon, so he leaps up on to the dragons back and tries to slice a way into the green goo thing to get this vial in the skull mouth. He pokes it good, so the goo in penetrable. But it doesn’t give easily and his first attempt to jam the vial in their fails.

Valin is feeling alight now and lays into the spider. Drex moves back to get heals and also puts another arrow into the spider face. Akbar and Damacious focus on keeping people alive. Still tries again and manages to shove the vial into the green goo. He sees that it is slowly dissolving in the acid that fills the goo ball. A few round or so should do it. Akbar hits it wil a magic missle to speed things up. Meanwhile the spider has smashed Valin hard, hurting him bad and TEARING HIS ARMOR OFF OF HIM! A naked Valin looks scared for the first time ever. Luckily, D!ckneck does what d!ckneck does and the spider dies.

After a round of attacks on Still that don’t connect as well as he had hoped, the dragon gets off one more round of fire. He burns for 50+ damage and Drex and Valin both almost fall. More magic missle strike the goo and then the vial dissolves. The goo ball turns pink and the dragon falls to the ground. The creature detaches and waves its arms around all crazy like then starts running for the door. The dragon appears to be breathing, but is unconscious and foam is oozing from its mouth.

Then there is lots of confusion. Do we kill the dragon, do we not kill the dragon. Do we let the goo thing go or do we stab it. Do we follow it or do we stay with dragon. What’s going on? Alexa is looking all over the place trying to figure out which way is up. After about 20 minutes of all that we call an end to the confusion to maybe figure it all out with clearer heads next session.
