---
title: "Episode 19 - The Jinkstermination and the Return of Akbar - Ding 6!"
date: 2018-12-05T22:24:07-06:00
draft: false
---

As the party healed up and got ready to charge after the fleeing jink Alchemist, Sallah and Akbar were seen splashing through the water of the stream. Valin was quick to warn them of the snares, which they both easily avoided. Sallah explained that after falling through the trap door above he had landed in a room that quickly filled with gas and he passed out. When he woke, he saw that Boomer and Barley were still sleeping, but amazingly Akbar was also in the room and just coming out of the effects of the gas. Akbar explained that he had been doing some research and shopping in far off Katapesh, and then came back to help with the planning of the city. He recently went to the temple of Nethys and after breathing in the now untainted gas for a bit began searching the old library and found a map to the old Hammerfall holds, which as far as he could tell once held some relic of the Templars. He followed the map to the front door but quickly triggered a trap while trying to enter and he remembers nothing from then until right now.

Just then the door to the room opened and a voice (not speaking in rhyme, and assumed not to be two-edge) instructed them to follow the glowing light at he would lead them upstairs to join their friends. They were led through numerous dark chambers and up some stairs and through a door carved with a  dwarf face. The voice then told them to walk straight through the large cavern before them and follow the river. The door shut behind them and light winked out.

Shamen and Akbar quickly introduce eachother, and seem to have a hint that they may have known each other or met before. Akbar gets a flashback of a young Shamen fighting with a scimitar in hand against some salamanders. Akbar fights as well, and he sees himself get impaled on the spear of a massive salamander warrior. Some comments are made about this vision and Shamen explains that when he was younger he sought the deliver the judgment of Sarenrae in combat, but he gave up that path when he failed to protect Saint Vardishai when Salamanders attacked his monastery long ago. Everyone is intreaged, but there is no time for small talk as spells are ticking, so the part buffs a bit and continues the chase.

Still quickly checks the door the alchemist fled through for traps, and Valin kicks it down as he calls the all clear and rushes through. Still goes invis and rushes past the charging ranger, and Sallah follows close behind as Drexel, Shaman, and Akbar bring up the rear. Shamen touches Akbar's shoulder and vows to share his burden. As Valin rushes around the corner, he spots the alchemists in a dark alcove near a door. The alchemist launches a javelin at Valin, and somehow it finds its way through his armor. Valin looks down at the blue goo covering the spear tip a curses as he uncharacteristically fails his fort save and he falls unconscious (from poison, not wounds).

Sallah (now dancing) rushes forward to cover the door as Still charges in at the alchemist. The alchemist ducks and Stills blow scrapes against the rock behind him. Drexel moves into he room to line up a shot. The alchemist stomps madly on the floor yelling something in under common and then casts DD and disappears. Shamen enters the room and lays down a bless as Akbar wanders off into a side tunnel and amazingly picks the right one and quickly locates the alchemist and scrambles his brain painfully with a  spell. Sallah dances with amazing speed across the room and gets up into the alchemists face, and still runs to catch up cursing the jink's mobility. Drexel moves up and takes a shot that goes wide. The Alchemist tosses a bomb at Akbar, catching Drexel in the splash. Shamen gives Drexel a blessing of luck and Akbar burns the alchemist with a cone of flame, dropping him! Just then, the ground rumbles and a disgusting earth worm like creature dripping with clear ichor burrows out of the ground where the alchemist was stamping his foot. It screeches at the party showing row upon row of pointed teeth in its eyeless maw. At the same time, the door opens and another jink walks through, this one wearing robes and carrying a staff. It curses the party in under common and throws a fireball into the room that catches Akbar, Drexel and still. Looking at the sorcerer it almost appears that there are 4 of him floating around in the same spot (mirror image spell).

Sallah again shows off his great dancing speed and twirls back across the room to stand between the worm and the sorcerer. Drexel turns and charges the worm, but again his blade goes wide. Drexel turns and launches two arrows at the sorcerer. The first one misses but the second finds it mark in the real sorcerer due to the blessing of luck. Shamen channels, healing up the party some. Akbar rushes into the room and explains he defenses and abilities of the death worm they face... particularly noting to be carful when stabbing the creature because its acidic blood can melt weapons. The sorcerer throws another fireball, this time catching Shamen and Akbar. The worm steps back and breaths lightning through Drexel and Shamen.

Sallah dances around to the back side of the Sorcerer. He tries to bash the creatures head but instead only manages to wink out one of the 4 images. Still takes the flank opportunity and stabs deep into the sorcerer's side. Drexel lines up his shot, his arrow flies straight and true and the sorcerer falls. Shamen puts the luck on Akbar, who in turn lays some flame down on the worm. Sallah again dances around to give Still the flank, and bashes the worms gooey hide. Drexel stabs deep into the worm flesh and apparently guessed correctly on the location of its liver, his common dagger dissolving in his hand as it finds home. Drexel fires and arrow which just misses the worms mouth, he corrects his aim on the second arrow and sends it straight into the worms gapping maw and out the top of its head (CRIT!). The worm twitches and falls to the ground.

The party quickly heals up and then gets to looting. They find a cloak of resistance +1, sorcerer robes that are apparently cursed to suck strength, a wand o see invis with 7 charges, some acid flasks and alchemical fires, 4 viles of some sort of alchemical substance that will need someone with alchemy skills to identify, a skull cap that can resize that functions as goggles of minute seeing, some random art and jewelry worth a few hundred gold, 2 potions of cure light and a wand of cure light with 34 charges. They also find a magic quiver that they can't identify. The party begins to panic... their weapons aren't here. They spend an hour carefully searching the area for secret compartments or doors, but they find nothing. As the party sits to think, Shamen casually wonders out loud what is inside the magic quiver. Still dumps it upside down. Weapons and arrows pour out of what appears to be extradimensional space. They find all their missing weapons plus a bunch of arrows made of various rare materials, a +1 cold iron morning star, a magic dagger they can't identify, and a +1 light crossbow.

Still gathers all 7 jink's heads and the party heads off.

End (AND DING 6 BIOTCHES!!!).

