---
title: "Episode 62: Robot Ninjas and Rumble with Ron Golem"
date: 2022-02-03T07:00:15-06:00
draft: false
---

The Shadow drops from the sky, and it appears to be some sort ninja with a rapier. It flies over and then fires daggers from its arm like bobafet or some shit then dips down to try to do some sneaky sneak attack shit while its buddy circles around back but it quickly starts getting its ass handed to it. It tries to use a smoke bomb to back away to attack at range… but it dies anyway under the brutal assault that is this crew.

They party makes it to the bridge that crosses a part of the wine sea. On the other side of the bridge are large doors that enter into the side of a volcano. Obviously this is the entrance to the fire forge. On the opposite side of the bridge is a large iron golem. Carved in large letters across is are the words “Ron Golem” (this was going to come up in conversation but the token was labeled in roll20 so the party found out its name ahead of time).

The party decides to take a nap in Balleena’s tiny hut before approaching the bridge. Fresh from sleep, they get up and walk across the bridge (beleena and akbar decide to stay back and talk about his burned hands).

Ron Golum activates and says in a booming voice that they must prove they are worthy of an audience with the great smith Artel Norrin. Still rolls his eyes and the party charges across the bridge. Ron Golem gets out a few good hits, but he is quickly sliced and diced and the golem begins to malfunction. Smoke begins to bellow from the golems ass, and a hatch opens and 2 fire mephits climb out of a little compartment. One of them is a bit frantic “Oh shit, Norrin is going to be pissed that we let Ron get this damaged. Why did you guys hit it so hard. Fuck.” Still has had enough. He mumbles something about doormen and then stabs this little fucker and it dies. Its body disappears. The other one starts freaking out screaming “You killed Fritz! You killed Fritz! You lousy bastards.” Still is about to kill this guy too when he calms down and explains that you guys should follow him… muttering something under his breath.

He opens the double doors and walks the party into the volcano. At the end of the hallway is a large room full of weapons and armor. The mephit opens another door and explains that the party should follow. Still helps himself to weapon form the rack as the party enters the next room.

This room is a large cavern. There are many fire mephitis and little magmen wandering around doing various umpa lumpa like tasks. Next to the pool of lava is what appears to be a large forge. A few fire elementals stand guard near the forge and at the forge a Azer works metal with a large hammer. He turns as you enter and the fire mephit goes up and frantically explains how you ruined Ron and killed Fritz. Norrin seems calm and collected. He tells the mephit to chill and points to the lava explaining that fritz is already reforming. He seems impressed that you destroyed Ron so easily and asks for your story, which you relay in full. Norrin thinks on this for a while, and questions the parties motives. He is bothered that Still was so quick to kill his mephit and that he seems to have helped himself to the weapons. Still defends his actions and the rest of the party helps to convince Norris that they are not secret spies for Jahvuul sent to test his loyalty. He explains that after Jahvuul discovered he may have been making a weapon to fight against the Efreet, Norrin had to feign loyalty to Jahvuul and make weapons for his army so that he would spare his life. He doesn’t think Jahvuul ever trusted him, but he needed the weapons so he played along. He believes that if Andrathi and Venema both trusted this party, and considering your display of combat prowess against the golem, that MAYBE you are the right people to receive this weapon he has been crafting and maybe he should help you by making more weapons. He needs time to think on it and in any case he will need the crystals that grow on the well atop the dark spire to make these weapons anyway. He asks you to retrieve them while he thinks on this situation. Bitching about how everyone has a fucking quest the party walks out and Still puts the weapon he grabbed back.