---
title: "Episode 28 - The Slaying of the Beast and the Scroll of Kakishone - DING 8!"
date: 2018-12-08T16:35:13-06:00
draft: false
---
After some detecting of magics the party finds out that this whole place stinks of wishcraft. The almonds are potent but temporary goodberries and the benches in this room provide very restful sleep. All the casters rest up and all the almonds are taken. Boomer tries to find things to smoke and drink to get his buzz on, but there is nothing (should have taken that hyenadon cum I guess). The party heads down a dark corridor and finds a strange cage like contraption with faces coming out of the ground. Eventually they touch it and see the ground in the center ripple. Akbar and Sallah linguistic the SH!t out of the runes appearing in the fool and they say something like “By your command shale the pit of screaming ghosts be open”. So Akbar commands the way open and the rippling stone forms into a stairway headings down. A but fo thought is given to the trapped earth elementals that run this stairwell and spit out rasts in the other room, but in general it’s a big meh and the party heads down stairs.

The stairway ends on pillar standing 40ft above the floor of a large room. A second winding stairway descends down from the pillar to a cavern floor that appears to be a sea of treasures. No one is dumb enough to believe it’s real, even though it does not detect as magic. Still heads down the stairs and sees some runes on the last step. Akbar and Sallah come down and read them, and they seem to say “And so to shall you be devoured.” Or something like that. Sallah recalls a story that contains this quote about a dude who steals some treasure from a genie and the treasure later gets burning hot and melts him. There appear to be 5ft cylindrical platforms about 5 ft apart that make a path that goes across the pit to the far wall… where there appears to be nothing but a wall. Each of these stepping stones has a mosaic in the shape of some ruin. Still uses his Legolas on the snow ability and runs across the surface of the gold to the first platform, and 4 janni ghost things float out of 4 of the platforms and attack.

Sallah and still start hacking on the front one from the platform. They work him over alright, but the etherealness is making it slow going. Akbar tries some magicness, but it doesn’t work.  Valin rushes forward and jumps through a ghost to land on its pillar. Drex starts shooting, boomer heads down the steps, and barley throws out a magic missile. The ghosts start moaning, but no one seems to shaken by it. 2 of them shoot lightning at the party and pretty much everyone gets a little damage. The other two rush in a put some cold touch down on people. Valin starts hacking at the front runner as everyone else tries to reposition to get attacks in from the few pillars that can reach dudes. Boomer channels for some pain all around to the ghosts and Akbar and Barley throw down some magics and the front ghost dies. The rest of the ghosts retreat back and summon up a powerful windstorm that knocks sallah, valin, and akbar on their asses and tosses still back into the gold. Still sees that the gold is actually water covered in patches of green slime. Sallah explains that the stuff will melt your skin and your equipment! Drex keeps the arrows flying, and of course he crits a few times and earns himself a ghost d!ck. The remaining 2 ghosts advance, and Still pops up and legolases around to the back for a swipe. D!ckneck strikes again and then the last ghost is magiced to death by the magic crew. Still goes over and finds the secret door at the end of the stepping stones and the party all jumps or flies their way over there.  Akbar sheds a little tear, thinking he may have known the janni who’s souls have been trapped here. But there is no time for that now, the party heads through the secret door.

Through the door they find a hallway that ends in a big double door marked with the symbol of rovagug. The party does some buffing, then still checks and clears the door and Valin kicks it in. Inside they find a roon that has a floor made of sand and dirt. The walls of the chamber appear to be cracking and falling apart. In the center of the room is a large rough hewn pedestal. It appears that a crystalline statue of a sand kraken has been placed to appear to be leaping out of this pedestal. On the pedestal are some words that Akbar and Sallah translate to roughly “those who speak not the truths of rovagug shale be the first to be consumed by the waiting beast”. Still shrugs and heads into the room. The crystal sheen of the statue explodes and the sand kraken attacks.

Sallah moves first, and dances his way toward the pedestal. As he does, tentacles start exploding up from the ground around him. He gets clipped by the first one, but the second one misses and begins to tread more carefully to avoid further attacks. He whips his hammer around but the beasts skin seems so hard he barley notices. Still rushes in, avoiding a tentacle attack as he does, and sticks the beast with a quick strike.  Boomer gives everyone the ferv and the party gets pump’t … then tenticles explode out of the ground all over, attacking everyone simultaneously. Sallah and Still are too fast for them. Valin gets slapped around a bit but stays on his feet. They apparently thought boomer was taller than he is and swipe the air above his head. Drex takes a slap but pulls his arm back just as the thing was about to wrap around him. Barley and Akbar are not so lucky, and both get smacked, scooped up, and squeezed. It hurts.

The party decides that those who can need to focus on severing tentacles. Sallah dances around the wiggling arms to get a flank set up for Still as he bops the beast in the head. The tentacles don’t even see him coming and still takes one off and cuts deep into the one between himself and Valin. Drex tries to shoot, but he gets wrapped up by an aoo and feels the sqeeze. Boomer is within touch distance of Drex and Barley, so he whips around and concentrates to avoid tentacles. He skillfully ducks and weaves as he touches the two wrapped up dudes and DDs across the room and out of reach! Unfortunately, he couldn’t get Akbar. The beast pulls akbar into his mouth and begins to chew on his head. It also wraps up Sallah. Still and Valin have had about enough of this. Still stabs though the tentacle he injured before and steps double hand stabs through a second one as he heads toward Sallah. valin rages out and hacks Sallah free and takes a second tentacle off with his backswing. Now the work is half done. Drex starts firing from the backside and shoots tentacle off (4 left).  Barley burns the beast and Boomer steps back into threat range to get close enough for channels on Akbar. Akbar munches on almonds and hopes he isn’t in this mouth for too much longer. Sallah plunks it again and the beast lashes out… it smacks people around and grabs onto still. It proves to be the last thing he ever grabs onto. Valin cuts still free and almost takes a second tentacle again. Drex finishes that one off for him and shoots through another. Barley burns the beast, and for a second it looks as if he left just enough hp for Still to jab it and claim the kill… but they the burn marks spark with electricity and the beast dies.

Still hacks the thing to shreds looking for treasure, but finds none. The party heals up then steps through the double doors in the back of the room. They find themselves in a dark crypt. In front of them an onyx sarcophagus rests on a dias below a huge statue of the mouthed spider of rovagug. To the left and right curving tunnels lead away into darkness. Akbar gets the feeling that he and he alone should open this tomb. The party agrees, and they all sit around and laugh at him while he struggles at the lid. Boomer and Barley make him big and buff him up, then everyone sits around for 2 more minutes and watches him struggle until eventually he cracks the thing open. Inside is a decayed gnoll body dressed in preist robes. Lying under a wicked ax that is resting between the corpses legs is an unadorned ivory scroll case. Inside is a parchment that radiates extremely powerful magic. As the party opens it, they are confused. All they see is a very large, strange ruin that no one can make out. This must be the scroll of kakishone, of that they are sure, but they will need the help of an expert to figure out how it works and what the ruin means. They loot a nasty ax of life drinking (that is bad to use unless you are undead), a periapt of wisdom +4, and some +3 mithril chainmail. They spend a bit of time in the other tunnels, but quickly find these are just crypts full of bodies that had been affected by wishcraft in life but are now long dead. Some are huge, some have extra limbs, some are strikingly beautiful even in death , and there are all other sorts of signs of wishcraft on the bodies. All off the corpses were meticulously stripped of all their belongings and there is no loot to be found anywhere.

End.


