---
title: "Episode 52 - Heart Lobs and a tangle with an Angel"
date: 2019-01-18T12:27:45-06:00
draft: false
---

Our heroes lick their wounds for a bit after busting a ghost, and then decide to go check out the two side rooms behind the curtains to either side of the throne room. To the left they find an ornately decorated bath house/harem. It looks like there was living space for many creatures of various size and may alcoves with beds or couches all around a central pool filled with steaming water. As everyone else checks things over, Damacious decides it’s time for a swim and jumps in. That’s when he realizes that the bottom of the pool is full of the chewed on bones and dismembered body parts of the various harem slaves and whatever guard decided to fight against their attackers. He quickly leaves the pool and retches for a bit. Nothing of note or value is found in the pool or among the corpses. Damacious gets dressed and the party moves to the other curtained room.

In the room to the right of the throne room, the party finds a mosque. One side of the room has various niches in the wall for individual prayer, and on the north wall there is a small dais holding a minbar where an imam would stand to preach to the faithful. IN front of 3 of the prayer niches, the party finds the corpses of 3 efreeti. Inspection of the bodies show that their throats were slit while they knelt in prayer and the efreet don’t appear to have struggled. Their corpses have been left here to bleed and rot. The room is searched but nothing of value is found and the party moves on.

 The party heads back through the gardens and up the stairs to the dining hall where the black efreet was killed with his wraith followers. The party walks past the door that they know leads to the second level of the open courtyard and head through a side door that leads into a kitchen and storage area. There is nothing here of interest except rotting food. They find a stairway heading up. Why on earth the stairway to the upper level would be through the kitchens and larders is beyond me but there it is.

On the upper level they find themselves in a semi-circular open patio. They are at the top level of the main tower of the palace and the view looking over the city of brass is truly breathtaking. From here, it is plain to see that Bayat Al-Bassan, although grand, must have always been one of the lesser houses amongst the Efreet, as it is set further away from the sultans pagoda then many other palaces and is far from the largest/tallest/ or grandest building on this plane. It’s like the Foshay building of the Minneapolis skyline. Maybe even the sears building where the midtown global market is. Anyway, it’s not the greatest. At the back of the patio there is a single door on a side wall and a large and beautiful brass chain and silk curtain across what would be the center of the circle. The small door leads to a long abandoned guard chamber. The curtain leads to a square sitting room.

The sitting room has another curtain that appears to lead to a similar patio to the one the party just left, only this one overlooking the vast expanse of the plain of fire with the endless burning sky above it. Also in this square sitting room are 2 more doors and a strange area of wavering air floating in the center of the room. It is like a flat disc of air effected by heat that distorts your vision as you look through it. Still tries to pass his hand through it but he can’t. Then you friend in the brass appears in the polished brass floor and says “A fiery orb of days of old lies suspended betwixt brass and sky, yet hidden from the mortal eye. It is the key to your quest. In ancient adoration does this fiery heart lie, and only by hearts blood of the true believer can the way be opened.”

The party tries to shove the flaming orb that worked the boat through the portal. It waivers for a second but it does not open. They realize they are probably looking for something similar, and it’s probably in the bronze pyramid on the second level of the open courtyard, and they probably need a heart from one of those dead dudes in the prayer room to get at it. They head out to test these theories post haste.

They head back down to the mosque and Still rips all 3 hearts (just to be safe) out of the dead efreets in the prayer niches along the side of the room. They head back up stairs and open the door to the upper tier of the open courtyard. They stand inside the door cautiously scanning the sky for any signs of dragons. They see nothing, but they aren’t convinced. The base of the stairs leading up the brass pyramid is about 100ft from the door, and from there it looks like about another 150ft of stairs to reach the door at the top of the pyramid (which is about 80ft tall). So Damacious uses mage hand to pick up one of the hearts and mage hands it over to the door on the top of the pyramid. He liberally smears and squishes the heart all over the door and…. nothing happens.

Time for plan B. Boomer will use his DD to take the party up to the doorway… but he can’t take everyone. Barley and Drex have already retired to the sanctuary for some rest, cocaine, and cock stringing (it’s not like the dicks appear on that neckless by themselves). That leaves 5 party member to get to the door, and Boomer can only take 3 with him. As they are discussing who will do what, Sallah grabs a heart from Still, casts expeditious retreat, and breaks for the door running a sporadic pattern which he later names the zig and zag pattern. Stories would be told of the skillful evasion pattern in the future and it would become the foundation of a new sport in which people run holding small pigs and avoid people trying to knock them over. Anyway, as he zigs and zags the rest of the party DDs to the door. Sallah makes it a second later and smashes the heart on the door and does a little dance. Nothing happens. The party takes note of the massive brass statues of Ymeri, goddess of the plane of fire, flanking the sides of the door. The door is ornate but there are no noticeable features besides the handles and the key hole.

Still examines the door. It appears to be locked with a simple lock and he sees no trap. He picks the lock with ease and Vallah throws the door open.

The doors swing back and standing there ready for combat is a noble female Earth Genie (also called a Shaitan), a noble male Djinn (air genie), and a man who looks like he was perhaps once on Osirian, but now has the white wings and glow of an angle and is holding a flaming scimitar. The Djinn and the Angle are both hovering off the ground, and all 3 guardians appear to be crying constant tears of blood. As the party takes this all in, a large and regal looking Efreet prince appears hovering 10ft above the top of the pyramid… ITS JHAVUUL!

Jhavuul laughs at the heroes assembled before him. Who are these little fools who are here to loot my palace. There is some conversation I don’t really remember, but what comes from it is that Jhavuul gets some inkling that the party has the scroll of kakishone. (someone fill in detail here if you remember), he asks who has it and Sallah tells him that Boomer does… but then Boomer corrects him and comes up with some story that he doesn’t remember who he gave it to. Maybe Jhavuul believes the party, maybe he doesn’t. In any case, the Djinn and the angel both go invisible. The heroes focus fire on the Shaitan, and drop that lady like a sack of potatoes before she can do anything. At some point the party realizes that Jhavuul is not Jhavuul, but is actually the ancient red dragon making himself look like Jhavuul. Then the dragon casts time stop.  As the spell ends Sallah tells everyone to check their possession. Nothing seems to be missing. Someone asks about the scroll of kakishone, but boomer is quick thinking enough not to dig in his bag in front of the dragon and keeps his front up. The Djinn appears behind the party and starts swinging. The Angel appears in the back of the cave and casts a very nasty destruction spell at Still. Luckily, Still saves and only takes a semi-massive amount of damage. Still focuses fire on the Angel and the rest of the crew quickly drop the Djinn. Some healing is done by the healy guys. At this point the dragon says he will be seeing you again and disappears. The party closes in on the Angel, and he gets dropped but not before launching another destruction spell, this time at Valin who also saves and takes only Semi-massive damage.

Lots of healing happens to get everyone back to full. There are no bodies to loot, because all of these enemies were all outsiders so their bodies return to their plane of existence… (red flags should be waving now and alarms should be sounding).

The room inside the top of the pyramid is a plain square room with no adornments. The walls are covered floor to ceiling with scripture written in Ignan. In the floor, there is a circle that appear to be a large sized secret door. Still pulls out the third heart and squeezes out a drop of blood onto the circle. The circle descends into the floor, becoming the first few stairs of a long spiral staircase leading down into the heart of the pyramid.

End.

