---
title: "Episode 12 - The Slaughtering in the Streets and the Death of Dashki"
date: 2018-11-29T21:54:39-06:00
draft: false
---

The party decides to trust Dashki about these gnolls approaching the camp for now. Almah will not have them inside the monastery and tells the PCs to go out and talk with them. After some discussion it appears that the Flind named Hargk and his 5 companions are here representing Narg, ruler of the 3 jaw clan that occupies the fort to the north. They don’t like the Kelmarene gnolls because they follow a non-gnoll (the djann) and they worship Rovagug. They want them dead and will help the PCs if they are fighting them. All the 3 jaw gnolls have lots of strange piercings in ears and arms and such, and it appears as if Dashki does as well all of the sudden (must have not been wearing them before). The sand lions are greatly against this alliance, but after discussion with Almah the pcs convince her and Garavel that the help is needed. Almah agrees, but they are still not to enter the monastery and Almah tells them that as soon as Kelmarene is captured she wants all these gnolls dead. The PCs agree. They go out and talk plans with Hargk. He says he will bring 20 gnolls down the hill on the south east side of town as soon as the signal is given. He asks if they will attack tomorrow night, but the PCs want one more day of scouting and as for 48 hours before the attack is launched. He agrees, and sends 3 of his companions back to tell Chief Narg and assemble the troops. During this conversation, Still steals one of Dashki’s daggers.

Hargk and the 2 other gnolls of the 3 jaw clan that are still here set up camp outside the Monestary, and Dashki gets his stuff and goes out to join them. They seem to treat Dashki as one of the pack, as if they have known him for some time. The PCs rest, and Kazzim the tongueless stays on constant vigil, watching over the gnolls.

The next night, the PCs head back to the same entry point to try and get the alchemical material from the harpy building and cause some general havoc. Sallah decides to stay behind. Drexel has gone all horse whisperer and now has a horse companion that he names Sunflower.

They see there 4 gnolls on the bridge again. The sneaky dudes sneak into the harpy building and grab all the alchemical sh!t. Boomer puts silence on them so they can get back and load all the crap onto Sunflower. Once that is done, the PCs decide to put up the same darkness and fog screens and take out the gnolls on the bridge. They then realize that there is a big pack of gnolls taking all the hyena’s they saw the other night off into the pesh field. They are heading for the monastery!! Realizing even at their best they would arrive 8 to 10 rounds after the gnolls hit the monastery, they decide they won’t be much help. Almah’s party is in the hands of the sand lions and the guards… and the PCs figure they will be ok and that they should use this distraction to stick with the plan and make the gnolls hurt for attacking the monastery.

Everything goes very well, gnolls die left and right on the bridge and beyond. More gnolls come and they bring the war pig. The war pig goes down under a hail of arrows and melee swings, and more gnolls die.  Still more gnolls come from down the street and from a nearby building, with a fliend and a gnoll sergeant. They take a bit more effort, but with some solid buffs, a ton of crits from Valin’s ax, lots of arrows finally hitting home, good use of burning hands, lightning storms, fog screens, well placed sneak attacks, flank set-ups, and a solid sneak crit for good measure, the street is soon littered with gnoll corpses. At one point, a gnoll barbarian gets and ax crit on boomer and he drops to the ground bleeding… but Akbar gets him up again and he starts laying down heals for a few rounds without issue. People start collecting ears and bows. Akbar sets the hyena building on fire! Another gnoll comes running up the street dragging a sheep on a rope. A large viper of some sort is chasing after the sheep. Behind the viper are more gnolls. The lead gnoll with the rope is quickly killed. Akbar sets up another fog screen to distract the snake as Drexel calls sunflower and picks up Boomer. The party starts to b-line south for the pesh field. The snake is distracted for a bit, but the gnolls behind him cut through a building to cut the PCs off. All the gnolls die. The snake comes through the building. It dies too. Then the party runs off into the pesh field toward the monastery.

In their wake are corpses of 1 fliend, 4 gnoll barbarians, 1 gnoll sergeant, 1 war pig, 1 giant viper, 20 standard gnolls, and large fire engulfing a building.

As they make it back to the monastery, they find 16 dead gnolls (some fliend some barbarian) and 5 dead hyenas. Hargk, the 2 other gnolls from the 3 jaw clan, and Dashki all appear to have had their heads cut clean off by the same sword. The party knows just by looking that it was Kazzim who did the decapitating. Inside the monastery, they find everyone nursing wounds. Saraah (one of the sand lion monk sisters) and one of the pact master guards are dead. The sand lions are drinking and telling stories of Saraah’s greatness. Sallah is with them. They are all quite drunk. When Garavel is questioned, he explains that everyone fought bravely, and the gnolls were outmatched. The 3 jaw gnolls fought side by side with Almah’s people against the Kelmarene gnolls, but once all the attackers were dead Hammad started shouting at the 3 jaw gnolls, calling them traitors who sold our position to the enemy. Kazzim killed them and Dashki, with the help of some trips set up from Sallah.

There is lots of disappointment that someone else got to kill Dashki.

The party watches the building of Kelmarene burn, and resolve that the all-out assault will still happen tomorrow night. Whether or not the 3 jaw gnolls attack as planned is anybody’s guess.

