---
title: "Episode 21 - The Death of Thulsaad and Still Lava Grabby Claw Game"
date: 2018-12-07T12:43:30-06:00
draft: false
---

The kicked open door reveals a pool of liquid hot magma. Across the pool, about 80ft to the other side, there is a large brass statue of the Ymeri, goddess of the Efreet in all her 4 armed, flamed hair, beast legged glory. 3 of her hands are holding swords while in the 4th appears to rest a brass idol of some sort.
 
Apparently floating on the surface of the magma are a few 10 ft X 10 ft rocks and a half dozen smaller boulders. In its center is a large 15X15ft platform that appears to be somewhat stable (don’t ask how).  The heat in the chamber is excruciating, and it appears to be causing the ceiling to slowly deteriorate sending chunks of rock splashing into the pool at random intervals. Akbar comes running up just then and luckily boomer has one fire resistance spell left for him. The party steps into the room and they see the head, shoulders, and arms of what appears to be a very large salamander resting against the larger rock as a person might rest in a hot tub. As the door opens, he looks up with shock and says “Who the he!! are you? How did you get in here? My sister was supposed to be guarding that door. Lessar! LESSAR!”
 
The party explains that she is a little bit dead at the moment as they cautiously enter the room. To which Thulsaad seems surprisingly not upset to hear. “No mater”, he explains. “What are you, adventurers? Who sent you here? You obviously didn’t come representing that self-titled carrion to bark at me more about servitude.” 
At this point Akbar steps forward and holds his staff up high. “Do you recognize this? I came for revenge!”

At that the salamander coils low and menacingly into the lava. Still rushes forward to the lava’s edge and tosses a star into the creature’s skull. It appears to be immune to his sneak damage and shakes the star off with minimal damage. Still disappears.  Drex steps to the doorway and plunges two arrows into the creatures head, narrowly missing his eye.  Now the salamander is getting a little pissed. Sallah and Valin cautiously approach the lava and start sizing up the jumps needed to get to the center platform.
  
Tulsaad looks closely at Akbar, then at Valin. His tail coils around one of the larger floating rocks. “Yes, I recognize those weapons, but not you. You are nothing but a tomb robber who has come to deliver my prize.” At that he dips low in the lava and with a grunt of effort he hurls the 10ft square rock out of the lava and through the air. It smashes into Akbar with a loud crunch, but Akbar is still standing. He then calls to his shield maidens. Two standard sized salamander women uncoil form the below the lava’s surface next to them. He tells them to “deal with the rabble”, to which they respond with a serpentine “yesss father” and then move toward the shore and then duck back under the lava just short of it. Akbar covers the big Salamander in an ice storm that hisses with steam as it impacts him and the lava around him. Boomer channels to try to get Akbar healed, and then backs through the door wanting nothing to do with giant rocks. 

Still must be doing something, but no one can see what it is. Drexel fires again, and this time he doesn’t miss the eye (CRIT!) Thulsaad flinches back in pain. Sallah delays to wait for the maidens to surface, and Valin goes back to the doorway so Boomer can get a fly on him. Thulsaad ducks completely below the surface and out of sight. The maidens leap from the water and gang up on Sallah, but can’t seem to connect. Sallah back pedals and starts smacking the sh!t out of their snake a$$es. Akbar calls a lightning storm to blast a maiden as boomer puts fly on Valin. Valin jumps in to help and one of the maidens drop.
  
Still must be doing something, but who knows what. Drexel plugs a maiden since the big guy is still out of sight.  The party sees Thulsaad's tail wrap around another big rock as he explodes form the lava and tosses it at Akbar. Akbar looks real scared… but luckily the rock just misses. Akbar responds with a lighting storm on the big guy. Sallah cleans up the last maiden and Valin moves in for a hit on Thulsaad. Everyone expects this to be the killing blow... but the swing goes wide! Suddenly, Still appears, amazingly balanced on one of the tiny floating behind Thulsaad. His twin blades plunge into the back of the creature’s neck and out the other side. Thulsaad crumples into the lava pool.
 
Valin flies over and grabs on to the tip of Thulsaad’s tail just before it disappears into the lava. He hauls him up to shore and the party loots his body, but they find nothing on him. A detect magic of the area reveals something magical underneath the lava. Sallah starts using mage hand to rearrange rocks so he can cross to the center.  Still meanwhile starts stripping off all his equipment. He tells Valin to dunk him head first into the lava so he can grab the thing he is assuming is the spear that was used to kill Vardishai.  It seems a bit crazy at first, but Still is confident in his odds of survival due to the fire protection as long as Valin moves quickly. Sure enough, Still is dunked and pulled. He throws the spear on the ground and quickly shakes off any excess lava. He comes away with only a few minor burns!!

Valin takes the spear as still seemingly skips across the lava surface over to the statue. Valin follows as Sallah keeps sizing up that jump but is still nervous about the consequences of a mishap and everyone else is healing up and staying firm in their belief that traveling over lava is a bad idea.
 
Still examines the statue. He sees no traps and picks up the swords and the idol (none of which are magic). He notices that one of the skips on the back in a lever. He pulls it and it opens a door to a smoke filled room. Still heads in, and immediately realizes that this isn’t normal smoke as glowing red eyes and claws appear to form in it.
 
Still swings in vain at the smoke creature as a smokey tendril enters Still (you can decide where) and starts attacking his insides. Valin rushes in and swings at the smoke, managing to connect with something. Drex moves into position and fires an arrow, but it just passes through. Akbar blasts it with lightning and Sallah and Boomer…. Well, Sallah and Boomer still aren’t going over that lava pit so they cheer everyone on.
 
The creature does some more internal horrific clawing. Still connects with his sword. Drexel fires 3 arrows, and all 3 stick! The cloud dissipates and Still walks slightly awkwardly over to the pile of treasure at the back of the room. He finds (and Akbar identifies) 1 arrow of sleep, 15 +1 arrows, a +1 spiked wood shield, an stone dagger (obsidian, non-magical), and a mummified 3 fingered monkey paw that no one can seem to identify. The party gathers up their loot, heals, and heads back to the mine cart to take a nap with Barley.
 
After their sleep, the party climbs up out of the mines and emerges in the windswept, chilly heights of the Brazen Peak range. Pale mountain looms about a day’s hike to the south of them.  After some debate between their two rangers, the party goes with Drexel’s plan of following ridgelines to get there. The walk is difficult, and the party has to duck under overhangs to avoid being spotted by some hunting dragonnes, but eventually they find themselves on the side of pale mountain looking down onto the house of the beast.  It is dusk, and the cloudy skies distort the light of the setting sun to an odd greenish pink hew. Lighting sparks here and there around the area (forgot to mention this before Diddy). At first glimpse of the ruins, Sallah recalls the snippet of a story regarding this place.
 
<flavor text biotches> Here in the highest reaches of the Brazen Peaks, Pale Mountain rises against the heavens like the crown of a great slumbering beast sheathed in rock and snow. Within the shadows of its lonely crags stands the ruins of a lone temple. Spires rise sinister around an ancient courtyard and a dark stone dome, and hideous gargoyles and monstrous statues decorate the ruins greeting lost explorers with implied threats and promises of danger. These threats and promises are not hollow my friends, for these ruins mark one of the sites where Rovagug, the rough beast, god of wrath and destruction once touched this world long ago. These ruins are now home to the notorious Carrion King. This is the House of the Beast.
 
As Sallah finishes his story, Boomer’s keen eyes see that they have been spotted by a gnoll patrol coming down the mountain above them to the west.
 
End. 
 


